How to obtain the Brain of the Cat, (Wilder).-Correction: Page 158, second column, line 7, "grains," should be "grams;" page 159, near middle of 2nd column, "successily," should be "successively;" page 161, the number of Flower's paper is 3.
Mr. Dopp desires to make the following correction in his paper in the last issue: "In my article on page 200 of "Science", the expression and should have been and being the velocity of light.
It may be conceded that after man had all his present faculties, he did not choose between the adoption of voice and gesture, and never with those faculties, was in a state where the one was used, to the absolute exclusion of the other. The epoch, however, to which our speculations relate is that in which he had not reached the present symmetric development of his intellect and of his bodily organs, and the inquiry is: Which mode of communication was earliest adopted to his single wants and informed intelligence? With the voice he could imitate distinictively but few sounds of nature, while with gesture he could exhibit actions, motions, positions, forms, dimensions, directions and distances, with their derivations and analogues. It would seem from this unequal division of capacity that oral speech remained rudimentary long after gesture had become an efficient mode of communication. With due allowance for all purely imitative sounds, and for the spontaneous action of vocal organs under excitement, it appears that the connection between ideas and words is only to be explained by a compact between speaker and hearer which supposes the existence of a prior mode of communication. This was probably by gesture. At least we may accept it as a clew leading out of the labyrinth of philological confusion, and regulating the immemorial quest of man's primitive speech.
I have thus touched, gentlemen, upon a few of the many subjects that crowd upon the mind for consideration on an occasion like this, - a few gleanings from a field which is passing rich in promise and possibility. It is a field that some of us have cultivated for many years, and yet have only scratched the surface ; and, if I have ventured to suggest or admonish, it is with the feeling that my own labors in this field are ere long about to end, and that I may not have another occasion. At no time in the history of the world has there, I trow, been gathered together such a body of devoted and capable workers in applied entomology. It marks an era in our calling, and, looking back at the progress of the past fifteen years, we may well ponder the possibilities of the next fifteen. They will be fruitful of grand results in proportion as we persistently and combinedly pursue the yet unsolved problems, and are not tempted to the immediate presentation of separate facts, which are so innumerable and so easily observed that their very wealth becomes an element of weakness. Epoch-making discoveries result only from this power of following up unswervingly any given problem or any fixed ideal. The kerosene emulsion ; the cyclone nozzle ; the history of Phylloxera vastatrix, of Phorodon humuli, of Vedalia cardinalis,- are illustrations in point: and, while we may not expect frequent results as striking or of as wide application as these, there is no end of important problems yet to be solved, and from the solution of which we may look for similar beneficial results. Applied entomology is often considered a sordid pursuit ; but it only becomes so when the object is sordid. When pursued with unselfish enthusiasm born of the love of investigation and the delight in benefiting our fellow-men, it is inspiring ; and there are few pursuits more deservedly so, considering the vast losses to our farmers from insect injury and the pressing need that the distressed husbandman has for every aid that can be given bim. Our work is elevating in its sympathies for the struggles and sufferings of others. Our standard should be high,- the pursuit of knowledge for the advancement of agriculture. No official entomologist should lower it by sordid aims. During the recent political campaign the farmer must have been sorely puzzled to know whether his interests needed protection or not. On the abstract question of tariff protection to his products, we, as entomologists, may no more agree than do the politicians, or than does the farmer himself ; but ours is a case of protection from in- jurious insects, and upon that there can nowhere be division of opinion. It is our duty to see that be gets it with as little tax for the means as possible. Gentlemen, I thank you.
Reviewing the floral relations of North and South America as illustrated in the foregoing instances, we may say that the phenomena of distribution agree fairly with the record of physical conditions which have succeeded each other and those which still exist, and upon which we might almost a priori have predicted an analogous set of distribution phenomena. In this relationship we may distinguish three categories of distribution: (1) Those due to the conditions of human civilization, commerce, etc. This has resulted in placing the same species in similar regions of both continents, as, for example, Fagonia cretica in Lower California and Chile; Munroa squarrosa, western plains of North America, plains of Argentine and high plateaus of Chile and Bolivia; Frankenia grandiflora, Southern California and Arizona, coast lands of Chile; Oxytheca dendroidea, Lastarricea chilensis, and Chorizanthe comrnmissuralis, all in Southern California and Western Chile. (2) Those due to the operation of natural causes acting unde present conditions of climate, geology, etc. Under this head may be cited such species as sida leprosa, hastata, anomala, Cienfugosia sulphurea, Spergulariaplattensis and, in general, elements of Gulf zone distribution; also certain elements which still find a pathway along the continental axis, including some alpine and mountain xerophilous genera. (3) The third category of distribution would include those phenomena due to geological and climatic changes acting through long periods. Under this head are included the elements of greatest significance in the relationsip of the North and South America floras. The endemic boreal flora of the Andes, the equally endemic boreal flora of the Mexican Cordilleras, and genera with sharply distinct species or sub-genera in the arid extra-tropical regions of both continents, which may be called remnant elements.
1. The basic principle in Mendel's discoveries is that of the purity of t. he germcells; in accordance with this a cross-bred animal or plant produces germ-cells bearing only one of each pair of characters in which its parents differ. From it follows the occurrence in the second and later hybrid generations of a definite number of forms in definite numerical proportions. 2. Mendel's principle of dominance is realized in the heredity of a considerable number of characters among both animals and plants. In accordance with this principle, hybrid offspring have visibly the character of only one parent or the other, though they transmit those of both parents. 3. In other cases the hybrid has a distinctive character of its own. This may approximate more or less closely the character of one parent or the other, or it may be entirely different from both. Frequently the distinctive hybrid character resembles a lost ancestral character. In some cases of this sort, as in coat-color of mammals, the hybrid character probably results from a recomibination of the characters seen in one or both parents, with certain Other characters latent (that is, recessive) in one parent or the other. 4. There have been observed the following exceptions to the principle of dominance, or to the principle of purity of the germ-cells, or to both: (a) Mosaic inheritance, in which a pair of characters ordinarily related as dominant and recessive occur in a balanced relationship, side by side in the hybrid individual and frequently in its germ-cells also. This balanced condition, once obtained, is usually stable under close breeding, but is readily disturbed by cross-breeding, giving place then to the normal dominance. (b) Stable (self-perpetuating) hybrid forms result from certain crosses. These constitute an exception to both the law of dominance and to that of purity of the germ-cells. For the hybrid is like neither parent, but the characters of both parents exist in a stable union in the mature germcells produced by the hybrid. (c) Coupling, i. e., complete correlation may exist between two or more characters, so that they form a compound unit not separable in heredity, at least in certain crosses. (d) Disintegration of characters apparently simple may take place in consequence of cross-breeding. (e) Departures from the expected ratios of dominants to recessives may be explained in some cases as due to inferior vigor, and so greater mortality, on the part of dominants or recessives respectively. (f) Cases of apparent reversal of dominance may arise from 'false hybridization' (induced lparthenogenesis). Possibly in other cases the determination of dominance rests with circumstances as yet unknown. 5. Mendel's principles strengthen the view that species arise by discontinuous variation. They explain why new types are especially variable, how one variation causes others, and why certain variations are so persistent in their Occurrence.
The following facts are those which are put forth through paleontological observation, for verification by others: 1. That many origins of new characters are through some internal action in heredity. 2. That many important adaptive characters arise determinately, definitely, but by extremely slow stages. 3. That degrees of similarity in such origins correspond with degrees of kinship. 4. That degrees of kinship also affect to a certain extent, but not absolutely the time of appearance, or the time of the origin, or the rate of evolution. 5. That such origins find expression not sponta. neously, or irrespective of conditions, or from purely internal mechanical causes, but through some entirely unknown and at present inconceivable relation to ontogeny (habit and use), to environment (external conditions), and to selection. 6. That if such origins do spring from internal hereditary principles, as they appear to do in many eases, slow origins (mutations of de Vries) may be simply due to the same law operating with a different velocity.
1. In tuberculosis meningitis there is a tuberculosis endarteritis characterized by the formation of intimal tubercles and a diffuse subendothelial, intimal proliferation due to implantation of tubercle bacili from the blood. From the endarteritis the infiltration may spread into the muscular coat and the adventitia, and the whole wall may undergo caseous and hyaline degeneration. 2. Tuberculous proliferation in the adventitia may invade the media and the intima, and the whole wall of the arterial segment may undergo degeneration. 3. The veins are constantly the seat of more or less extensive infiltration, which always results from adjacent extravascular or arterial foci. 4. The epithelioid cells of the subendothelial, tuberculous intimal See PDF for Structure proliferation are most likely derived from the subendothelial layer of connective tissue and not from the endothelial lining.
Toxin of sufficient strength to kill a 400-gramme guinea-pig in three days and a half in a dose of 0.cubic centimetre developed in suitable bouillon, contained in ordinary Erlenmeyer flasks, within a period of twenty-four hours. In such boullon the toxin reached its greatest strength in from four to seven days (0.005 cubic centimetre killing a 500-gramme guinea-pig in three days). This period of time covered that of the greatest growth of the bacilli, as shown both by the appearance of the culture and by the number of colonies developing an agar plates. The bodies of the diphtheria bacili did not at any time contain toxin in cosiderable amounts. The type of growth of the bacili and the rapidity and extent of the production of toxin depended more on the reaction of the bouillon than upon any other single factor. The best results were obtained in bouillon which, after being neutralized to litmus, had about seven cubic centimetres of normal soda solution added to each litre. An excessive amount of either acid or alkali prevented the development of toxin. Strong toxin was produced in bouillon containing peptone ranging from one to ten per cent. The strength of toxin averaged greater in the two and four-per-cent peptone solutions than in the one-percent. When the stage of acid reaction was brief and the degree of acidity probably slight, strong toxin developed while the culture bouillon was still acid; but when the stage of acid reaction was prolonged, little if any toxin was produced until just before the fluid became alkaline. Glucose is deleterious to the growth of the diphtheria bacillus and to the production of toxin when it is present in sufficient amounts to cause by its disintegration too great a degree of acidity in the fluid culture. When the acid resulting from decomposition of glucose is neutralized by the addition of alkali the diphtheria bacilus again grows abundantly. Glucose is not present, at least as a rule, in sufficient amounts in the meat as obtained from the New York butchers to prevent the rapid production of strong toxin if the bouillon is made sufficiently alkaline. In our experiments, when other conditions were similar, the strength of the toxin was in proportion to the virulence and vigour of growth of the bacillus employed.
The most important of this investigation has been the completion of various improvements in the construction and use of the plethysmograph, by means of which numerous errors attending the use of the instrument have been eliminated. The results of the work show that all olfactory sensations, so far as they produce any effect through the vasomotor system, tend to diminish the volume of the arm, and therefore presumably cause a congestion of the brain. Whenever the stimulation occassions an increase in the volume of the arm, as sometimes happens, it seems to be due to acceleration of the heart rate, which, of course, tends also to increase the supply of blood to the brain. The of odours varies in extent with different individuals, and with the same individual at different times. It was most marked in subjects sensitive to odours. Irritant vapours, such as formic acid, have a marked effect in the same direction-that is, they cause a strong diminution in the volume of the arm. The experiments give no support to the view that pleasant sensations are accompanied by a diminution of the See PDF for Structure blood supply to the brain and unpleasant sensations by the reverse efeect. In all my experiments mental work caused a marked and prolonged diminution in the volume of the arm. This vasomotor effect was sometimes preceded by a transitory increase in the volume of the arm caused by acceleration of heart rate.
The pigmentary granules of the negro's skin and hair can be freed in several ways from the cells in which they are lodged and collected in any desired amount. As thus obtained, these granules are found to be insoluble in dilute alkalies, dilute hydrochloric acid (hot or cold), alcohol, or other organic solvents when applied in the order named. If, after they have been subjected to the action of dilute hydrochloric acid, they are again treated with dilute alkalies, they are found to give up their pigment, and, on the continued application of heat, the granules dissolve entirely in the alkaline solution, leaving only an insignificant residue. The pigmentary granules are composed of a colourless ground substance or substratum, a pigment, and much inorganic matter. Their inorganic constituents, as thus far determined, are calcium, magnesium, iron, and silicic, phosphoric, and sulphuric acids; and these constituents possibly play an important part in the deposition and fixation of the colouring matter in the granules. The pigment isolated from the granules, and sufficiently freed from adherent inorganic matter, contains only the merest trace of iron-so little, in fact, that we must think of it when entirely pure as free of iron. Heating the isolated pigment with barium hydrate at a temperature of 260 degrees C. entirely frees it from the closely adherent ground substance, and it is then found that the vapours of pyrrol are no longer emitted when it is subjected to dry distillation, and the odour of burnt feathers is no longer discerned, although nitrogen is still present. We can not conclude as the result of our work that the pigment is a derivative of haemoglobin; it seems to us more probable that it is ultimately derived from the proteids of the parenchymatous juices. The total quantity of soluble pigment in the skin of a negro of average size is found to weigh about 1 gramme; the weight of the pigmentary granules is about 3.3 grammes, if we are right in our assumption that they contain sixty-five per cent of water and five per cent of mineral constituents in their natural state in the epidermis. The pigments of the epidermis and hair of the negro are very likely identical. In the present state of our knowledge we can only say that it seems highly probable that the pigment of the negro's hair is not different from the dark pigment found in the hair of the white races, and we may infer that the pigment of the black skin differs only in amount and not in kind from that deposited in the skin of the white man.
1. All the features peculiar to the gross cysts of the thyroid gland which possess fluid contents appear to indicate that they are essentially of haemorrhagic origin. 2. While these gross cysts would seem more especially to occur in glands which already present the features of parenchymatous goitre, the theory of Wölfler that they originate as a consequence of spontaneous rupture of the vesicles is unsatisfactory. 3. It would seem more probable that these large cysts are due to rupture, traumatic or otherwise, of some of the vessels of the organ. The frequent signs of small haemorrhages in cases of parenchymatous goitre without evidence of associated gross change in the surrounding vesicles, the structure of the organ and its exposed position, all appear to favour this view.
THE DEDUCTIONS THAT MAY BE DRAWN FROM THE RESULTS OF THESE EXPERIMENTS ARE AS FOLLOWS: That the normal vital resistance of rabbits to infection by streptococcus pyogenes (erysipelatos) is markedly diminished through the influence of alcohol when given daily to the stage of acute intoxication. That a similar, though by no means so conspicuous, diminution of resistance to infection and intoxication by the bacillus coli communis also occurs in rabbits subjected to the same influences. And that, while in alcoholized rabbits inoculated in various ways with staphylococcus pyogenes aureus, individual instances of lowered resistance are observed, still it is impossible to say from these experiments that in general a marked difference is noticed between alcoholized and non-alcoholized animals as regards infection by this particular organism. It is interesting to note that the results of inoculation of alcoholized rabbits with the erysipelas coccus correspond in a way with clinical observations on human beings addicted to the excessive use of alcohol when infected by this organism. In the course of the work an effort was made to determine if, through the oxidation of alcohol in the tissues to acids of the corresponding chemical group, the increase of susceptibility could be referred to a diminution in the alkalinity of the blood as a result of the presence of such acids. The number of experiments thus far made on this point is too small to justify dogmatic statements, but from what we have gathered there is but little evidence in support of this view. Throughout these experiments, with few exceptions, it will be seen that the alcoholized animals not only showed the effects of the inoculations earlier than did the non-alcoholized rabbits, but in the case of the streptococcus inoculations the lesions produced (formation of miliary abscesses) were much more pronounced than are those that usually follow inoculation with this organism. With regard to the predisposing influence of the alcohol, one is constrained to believe that it is in most cases the result of structural alterations consequent upon its direct action on the tissues, though in a number of the animals no such alteration could be made out by macroscopic examination. I am inclined, however, to the belief, in the light of the work of Berkley and of Friedenwald, done under the direction of Prof. Welch, in the Pathological Laboratory of the Johns Hopkina University, that a closer study of the tissues of these animals would have revealed in all of them structural changes of such a nature as to indicate disturbances of important vital functions of sufficient gravity to fully account for the loss of normal resistance. The conspicuous influence of the alcohol on the gastric mucous membrane in many of these animals, with the consequent disturbance of nutrition, is undoubtedly the explanation of the marked loss in body weight that was observed in many of the animals employed in these experiments. In this light the susceptibility induced by alcohol to excess is somewhat analogous to that induced by starvation, where we see the resistance of animals to particular forms of infection very markedly diminished.
The glanders nodule in the class of cases studied by us is in no sense analogous to the miliary tubercle in its histogenesis, and our studies afford no support to Baumgarten's views. The primary effect of the bacillus of glanders on a tissue we found to be not a production of epithelioid cells, which undergo necrosis and invasion by leucocytes, as happens in the cases in which the bacillus of tuberculosis is concerned, but to be the production of primary necrosis of the tissue, followed by inflammatory exudation, often of a suppurative character. Degenerative changes rapidly ensue in the inflammatory products. These conclusions are in harmony with the observations of Tedeschi, above referred to.
The purpura accompanying the two foregoing cases of sarcoimatosis would seem to find its explanation in the coexistence of several factors, the main feature being an involvement of the vascular system by the sarcomatous elements. There existed in Case I a direct lesion of the vessel wall whereby the sarcoma cells invaded directly the various coats, and were found mainly between the intima and the adventitia, dissecting their way, as it were, along these tracts in the vessel walls. There was further an extensive involvement of the perivascular lymphatics, from which point, indeed, it would seem that the sarcoma cells had invaded the walls of the vessels themselves. In Case II, moreover, not only was there a definite invasion of the lymph spaces near the vessels, but, furthermore, there was undoubted evidence of the existence of emboli of sarcoma cells in the lumina of the blood vessels; and in the immediate vicinity of such conditions haemorrhages were invariably found. While some vessels, and indeed a great many, were quite free from such emboli, in others the lumina were completely occluded by spindle cells, so as to preclude the possibility that these were merely a collection of desquamated endothelial cells, such as is frequently found as the result of post-mortem changes. That such an embolic condition can exist is by no means an unreasonable supposition, and, while it is generally recognised that multiple sarcomata are usually made up of small round cells, in this case we have an undoubted example of sarcomatosis of the spindle-celled variety. There are numerous instances of this " embolic purpura," as it may be called, especially in French and German literature, the condition being associated with rheumatism, valvular lesions of the heart, and other diseases which induce directly or indirectly the formation of emboli. Krauss, Gimard, Leloir, and others have insisted with considerable emphasis on the embolic origin of many purpuric conditions, and in some instances they have verified their observations by histological examination. Leloir assumes that, in addition to the presence of the ordinary emboli and the changes in the vessel walls with desquamative endarteritis, the blood itself may be much altered chemically, and that in the cachectic conditions clots may be thrown down from the circulating blood and be carried onward to form capillary emboli, with resulting haemorrhagic infarctions. Krogerer, some ten years ago, in examining the skin removed from patients with symptomatic purpura, found definite thromboses in the smaller veins, and even in the arteries. According to his view, the alterations in the vessel walls gave rise to slowed circulation and tendency to thrombosis, bringing about a liability to haemorrhages. His plates bear out his theories regarding the thrombi, many of which show considerable organization. But a careful examination of the purpuric areas shows further that a mere invasion of the vascular system by sarcoma cells can not explain all the various blood effusions present. On examining the skin, for instance, in those areas where large irregular haemorrhages had occurred, there was but little evidence of vascular invasion, while the emboli, on the other hand, seemed to exist mainly in the localized smaller and more circumscribed patches. One must therefore conclude that in such instances a combination of factors will alone afford a rational explanation of the purpura, and that in the general condition of the patient we shall find another cause for the enormous effusions of blood. In both of our cases there were high fever, cachexia, and a rapid progressive asthenia, all being the results of a sarcomatosis, and implying also grave alterations in the composition of the blood. From this we may infer an altered condition of the vessel walls, and hence probably a combination of circumstances sufficient to explain the incidence of haemorrhage. The raised cutaneous nodules in our second case, some of which were haemorrhagic, can not be regarded as pure sarcomatous metastases, for on microscopic examination they merely revealed haemorrhage or necrosis, or both, and sometimes plugging of the vessels. There was nowhere in these nodules evidence of new growths. Such elevations, then, must have been produced rather by a temporary serous or cellular exudation coincident with or following upon the haemorrhage-a probability which is emphasized by the fact that during the last days of the patient's illness many of the nodules diminished in size. Whether the oedema and infiltration were secondary to the embolic process in the subcutaneous vessels or whether they were merely coincident with the haemorrhage would be difficult to decide. The ringlike spots, however, are of special interest, inasmuch as it has been shown that they have been present in more than one case of sarcoma. It is not impossible that such spots may be definitely related either to the embolic processes or to a direct invasion of the cutaneous vessels, though, so far as we know, there do not exist any experimental proofs to bear out such a theory. From what has been said, however, it is evident that the cutaneous vessels were plugged during the last few days of the illness, at a time when the walls of the smaller vessels and capillaries were already greatly enfeebled. The result of the embolic formation may therefore mean a decided deficiency in the supply of nutriment to the involved area, the collateral circulation naturally being poor under the circumstances. As soon, then, as the vessels had become plugged, the surrounding blood supply would be poured in to a limited extent, and, on meeting the enfeebled vessels, might possibly break through their thin walls, thus producing a zone of haemorrhage around the area deprived of its normal nutrition. In other words, the condition may be regarded as in many respects analogous to that presented in embolic infarcts in regions with end arteries, central necrosis with peripheral congestion and haemorrhage being induced, the latter being chiefly limited to the outer zone of the necrotic area. The cutaneous vessels under such circumstances may be regarded as end arteries in a functional sense, since the collateral circulation would be so diminished under the altered conditions that no complete nourishment could be afforded to the area supplied normally by the plugged vessel. Von Recklinghausen has directed especial attention to the occurrence of cutaneous haemorrhages following embolic or thrombotic occlusion of peripheral arteries. The possibility of some toxic condition as a factor in the production of the purpura in our cases may also be suggested; but while we would not exclude this possibility, we are unable to find any positive evidence in its favour. Focal necroses, which are often associated with toxic and infectious processes, were present only in direct association with the haemorrhages, and were not distributed in the liver, spleen, and kidneys in the manner characteristic of toxic infections. Nevertheless the absence of these necroses does not exclude the possibility of the existence of some form of toxaemia. Infection demonstrable by bacteriological examination was absent, and there is no reason to regard our cases as allied to the infectious purpuras. The thermic theory suggested by Fagge at all events finds no place in the production of the multiple tumours in our cases, inasmuch as in each instance extensive visceral growths had given rise to the metastases.
a. The blood of apparently normal animals undergoes considerable variations within physiological limits. b. After a loss of blood the regeneration is more rapid if there has been a transfusion of an artificial serum. c. Regeneration after transfusion is less rapid during the first half of the regeneration period than during the second half. d. The regenerative processes once stimulated into activity carry the blood, qualitatively, considerably beyond the established normal. (See Plate XXXIII.) Otto (2) observed a similar phenomenon. e. The quantity of haemoglobin per volume of red blood-corpuscles is not constant. f. The volume of red blood-corpuscles varies as the product of the average volume of individual corpuscles and the number of corpuscles per unit volume. (V proportional, variant v x n). g. When the number of the corpuscles increases the size decreases, and conversely, (n proportional, variant(1/2)). h. The quantity of haemoglobin varies in general with the number of red blood-corpuscles per unit volume. (Hb. proportional, variant n).
1. Children of the two sexes differ very little in the character of their respiratory movements. 2. Between girls and women and boys and men there is little or no difference in respiratory type. 3. Childbearing does not permanently affect respiration. 4. The natural type of respiration, for both sexes is one in which the movement is fairly equally balanced between chest and abdomen, the abdominal being somewhat in excess. 5. In typical unconstricted individuals the chest contributes about the same bulk of air as does the abdomen. 6. Constricting dress causes preponderance of thoracic movement in ratio to its restriction of abdominal movement and to the sensitiveness of the nervous co-ordination.
THE RESULTS OBTAINED IN THE PRECEDING EXPERIMENTS MAY BE BRIEFLY SUMMARIZED AS FOLLOWS: 1. Nucleohiston does not protect against a separate and subcutaneous injection of tetanus toxin, diphtheria toxin, hog-cholera bacillus, or anthrax bacillus. 2. Mixtures of nucleohiston and either tetanus toxin or diphtheria toxin lose their specific toxic action-the latter much more rapidly than the former. Animals that recover after inoculation of such mixtures are not rendered immune. 3. In a mixture of nucleohiston and anthrax bacillus the latter is unaffected, even after the lapse of eleven days. 4. The destruction of specific toxins in a solution of nucleohiston, though in part due to sodium carbonate, is probably chiefly due to the nucleohiston. 5. Histon does not protect against a separate and subcutaneous injection of tetanus toxin, diphtheria toxin, hog-cholera bacillus, or anthrax bacillus. 6. In a mixture of histon and diphtheria toxin the latter is destroyed in a few minutes. This action is in part, if not wholly, due to the acidity of the histon solution. Similar mixtures of closely related bodies, serum globulin or albumoses, in Witte's pepton, give analogous results. The animals that recover from such inoculations are not rendered immune. Histon does not destroy the tetanus toxin as readily as the diphtheria toxin. 7. Histon possesses decided and marked toxic properties which are not due to the hydrochloric acid present.
I. The mean total time taken from 450 experiments on sixteen subjects was found to be 0.0420 second. II. Natural winks occurring very shortly before the record was taken had no influence. III. The reflex time was found to vary in different individuals, the limits of the mean times being 0.0351 and 0.0491 second. For any given individual there was a close correspondence between averages of sets of experiments obtained under similar conditions. In the case of one man this was true of sets of experiments taken a year apart. Sex has no influence. IV. Apprehension seems to shorten the time.
THE CONCLUSIONS WHICH HAVE BEEN REACHED BY THE SERIES OF EXPERIMENTS RECORDED IN THE PRESENT MEMOIR ARE: First. Lowered arterial pressure has a comparatively feeble effect upon the respiration, but when the pressure falls sufficiently, respiratory depression does occur. Second. Even excessive lowering of blood pressure primarily stimulates the vaso-motor centre, the sensibility of the centre being evidently necessary to the automatic regulation of the circulation. Third. The circulation recovers itself more slowly after profound etherization than after a like chloroform narcosis. Fourth. It is possible for ether as well as chloroform to produce death some hours after the cessation of its administration, at a time when the cerebrum has long freed itself from distinct evidences of the narcotic, so that consciousness and intellectual action have been restored. In applying these conclusions to the subject of practical anaesthesia it is evident that the depression of the circulation produced by chloroform has effect upon the respiratory centres only when the pressure has fallen very low, and whilst it may be a factor in the production of respiratory failure during chloroformization, the failure must be chiefly due to the direct influence exercised by the drug upon the respiratory centres. Clinical experience shows that nausea and general depression are more pronounced after the use of ether than after the use of chloroform, a difference which is strongly insisted upon by the advocates of chloroform as an important agent in favor of that anaesthetic. Our research confirms clinical observation, and experimentally shows that the depression of the circulation produced by ether is more permanent than that caused by chloroform; the reason probably being the large amount of ether which is necessary to produce profound narcosis, with lowering of the arterial pressure; an amount so large that it can neither be burned up in the system nor yet eliminated in the time which would be necessary for the much smaller amount of chloroform to be gotten rid of after chloroformization.
The experiments described in Part IV of this paper show that in whatever manner the problem of the relation of the vagus to the accelerators is approached, whether the accelerators are stimulated during a stimulation of the vagus, or the vagus during a stimulation of the accelerators, or both are stimulated simultaneously, either for a short or for a longer period, the result is the same, viz., the effect upon the rate of the heart is determined entirely by the relative strength of the stimuli applied to the two nerves. If the stimuli are of approximately the same strength, as judged by the effect of stimulating the nerves separately, the rate of the heart is but slightly affected; if the stimulus applied to the vagus is the stronger, the heart is slowed; if it is weaker, the heart is accelerated. In all cases the result of stimulating the two nerves simultaneously is approximately the algebraic sum of the results of stimulating them separately; sometimes the inhibitory effect slightly predominates, but not more frequently than does the accelerator effect. Moreover, the two nerves may be stimulated simultaneously for a considerable period of time without either completely overcoming the effect of the other. Thus as far as their effect upon the rate of the ventricular beat is concerned, the vagus and accelerator nerves seem to be purely antagonistic; the statement that a minimal stimulation of the one can completely overcome a maximal stimulation of the other is undoubtedly incorrect, and the hypotheses as to the mode of action of these nerves upon the heart, based upon this statement, lose their chief support.
Colostrum corpuscles are not always found in so-called colostrum milk; when they are present, the percentage of proteids is higher; as they disappear, the proteid percentage drops. The color of colostrum milk is yellow; this color is especially marked in negroes' milk (observed in four cases not included in this report). The reaction of colostrum milk is alkaline. The specific gravity varies from 1024 to 1034. This variation is chiefly due to the variation in the amount of fat present.
In summing up the contents of the preceding pages it may be stated that the action of digitalis has been divided into two stages according to the changes evinced by the ventricles under its influence; of these the first is characterized by marked inhibitory action together with modification of the cardiac muscle, while in the second the inhibitory action is less marked and the muscular action becomes the more prominent feature. The inhibitory action is due to direct stimulation by this series of the pneumogastric centrally in the medulla oblongata and peripherally in the heart. The extent to which the inhibitory mechanism is stimulated varies in different animals and with different members of the digitalis series. The muscular action of small quantities betrays itself in a tendency to increase the extent of the contraction, while in some cases the degree of relaxation reached in diastole is also lessened by it. In larger quantities the series increases the irritability of the cardiac muscle very considerably, and the spontaneous rhythm of the ventricles therefore becomes developed. Through the interaction of these two factors in the first stage the rhythm of the whole heart is slowed, the contraction of the ventricle is more complete, and the diastolic relaxation is generally increased, although it may be unchanged or lessened. The systolic pressure is increased and the fall from maximum to minimum pressure is slower than normal owing to the increased completeness and longer duration of systole (Rolleston). The auricles generally contract with less force and may relax more completely than normally. Sometimes, however, their contractions also are more complete than before the injection of the drug. This latter condition generally precedes the diminution of the force of the auricular contraction. This variation of the effects of digitalis in the auricle explains the changes in intra-auricular pressure noted by Kaufmann. The contraction volume of the ventricles is always much increased, and the output per unit of time is generally augmented, and this together with the contraction of the peripheral arterioles causes an increase in the tension in the systemic circulation, an acceleration of the circulation, and possibly a temporary increase in the pressure in the great veins and in the auricle and ventricle in diastole (Kaufmann). The pressure in the pulmonary artery is practically unaffected by some members of the series, while by others it is considerably increased. This difference in the reaction of the pulmonary circulation is due to the varying extent to which these drugs act on the peripheral arteries and not to any difference in their action on the two sides of the heart. If the inhibitory action be very strongly marked the slowing of the heart may be extreme, the ventricles assuming their own spontaneous rhythm and all connection with the auricles being lost. While the contraction volume of the ventricle is still greater than normal, their output per unit of time may become less than normal, the aortic tension therefore fall and the rapidity of the circulation be lessened. The ventricles maintain their association throughout, and probably the rhythm of the two auricles also remains equal. The ventricular rhythm, however, becomes irregular owing to the variation in the duration of the diastolic pause. The auricles may cease altogether in diastole, or may continue to beat with a slower or faster rhythm than the ventricles. During the second stage the rhythm of the heart becomes accelerated owing to the increased irritability of the heart muscle. The ventricle tends to assume a rapid spontaneous rhythm, while the auricular rhythm is also quicker than in the first stage. When these two rhythms interfere by the passage of impulses across the auriculo-ventricular boundary in either direction, irregularity of the heart is produced, generally bearing a distinctly periodic character. The ventricles continue to maintain their common rhythm, while the auricles and ventricles may contract at quite different rates. The two ventricles, however, do not necessarily contract with equal force, and the contractions of one may present periodic variations in strength, while those of the other may be almost perfectly uniform. The contractions of the auricles vary in the same way as regards each other and the ventricles. The inhibitory nerves are no longer able to slow the ventricular rhythm, but may affect the completeness of systole and diastole in the ordinary way. The auricular contractions can still be lessened in force and possibly be abolished by their stimulation, and the impulses passing between the auricle and ventricle may therefore be blocked and regularity of the heart produced by powerful inhibition. The irregularity of the contractions is therefore due indirectly to the increased irritability of the cardiac muscle and the acceleration must be attributed to the same cause. An extreme phase of this stage produced by the interference of the rhythms is a temporary standstill of one of the chambers, generally the auricle. The irregularity leads to a lessened efficiency of the work of the heart. The output varies extremely in successive observations and the contraction volume of every individual beat may differ. The various chambers often show a tendency to dilate during this stage. The blood pressure in the systemic arteries at first remains high, in fact may be higher than in the first stage owing to the increased rapidity of the heart rhythm, but afterwards falls continuously as the periodic variations become shorter in duration. The auricles generally cease contracting before the ventricles, but not invariably. There is no fixed order in the cessation of the ventricles or auricles. Each division comes to a standstill in a position somewhat nearer diastole than systole and then passes into delirium and dilates to the fullest extent.
FROM OUR OBSERVATIONS I THINK THE FOLLOWING PROPOSITIONS ARE JUSTIFIED: (1) All muscular movements are made up of a series of elementarycontractions and relaxations in alternation, which may be appreciable as tremor in conditions of both health and disease. (2) The differences between different tremors are of degree rather than of kind, i. e. no one form of tremor is distinctive of any one disease or group of diseases. (3) No definite relation exists between one form of tremor and any other. (4) The frequency of movement is in inverse ratio to the amplitnde and vice versâ. (5) Habitual movements are performed with greater freedom from tremor than unusual movements. (6) There is no material difference between the movements of the two sides of the body, except as related to Proposition (5).
THE CONCLUSIONS AT WHICH WE ARRIVE ARE THE FOLLOWING: 1. Nodular enlargement of the tube can be caused by a number of different pathological conditions. 2. Clinical examination does not enable us to make a diagnosis of the pathological condition existing in an individual case of nodule of the tube. 3. The diagnosis of the nature of a tubal nodule can be made only with the microscope. 4. The conditions causing nodular enlargement of the tube are congenital or acquired, non-inflammatory or inflammatory. 5. Any one of these conditions can exist without the production of nodules. 6. The nodules can be found in all parts of the tube and-taking the peculiar anatomy of each part of the tube into account-show the same structure. 7. The enlargement can be caused by epithelial or epithelioid formations, connective or muscular tissue, by round-cell infiltrations or combinations of two or more of these. 8. The epithelial formations originate in the epithelium of a. the tubal mucous membrane (salpingitis pseudo-follicularis, adenomyoma originating in the tubal epithelium). b. the accessory tubes (intraparietal parasalpinx and hydro-parasalpinx). c. remnants of the Wolffian body (adenomyoma). 9. The epithelioid formations originate in the peritoneal endothelium (peritoneal growths under "relative heterotopy"). 10. The excess of formation of connective tissue is a consequence of inflammatory conditions of the tubal wall (salpingitis interstitialis, Zweifel). 11. The hypertrophy of the muscular tissue is a. non-inflammatory (adenomyoma). b. consequent upon inflammation-Kaltenbach's case (23). 12. The accumulations of round cells are direct evidence of inflammation: a. non-specific (salpingitis interstitialis disseminata, salpingitis abscedens); or b. specific (salpingitis tuberculosa or s. gonorrhoica). 13. The epithelioid formations can occur wherever pseudo-membranes cover organs lined with a serous coat. 14. Extra-uterine pregnancy (abdominal or tubal) produces epithelioid formations by causing pseudo-membranes to form-not by any irritation peculiar to the pregnancy.
1. The cause of the rhythmic contraction of the ventricle lies within the ventricle itself. 2. The cause of the rhythmic contraction is not a single, localized, co-ordination centre; the co-ordination mechanism, whatever it may be, is present in all parts of the ventricle. 3. The integrity of the whole ventricle is not essential to the coordinated contractions of a part of the ventricle. 4. The apex of the mammalian heart possesses spontaneous, rhythmic contractility. 5. Assuming that the general belief in the absence of nerve cells from the apical part of the ventricle is correct, these experiments demonstrate that nerve cells are not essential to spontaneous, long-continued, co-ordinated contractions of the ventricle.
1. The claim of L. Pfeiffer that small granular amoeboid bodies are present in the blood of vaccinated children and calves, and in the blood from cases of variola, during the stage of fever is confirmed. A nucleus has not been positively made out in any of these bodies. 2. Granular amoeboid bodies, having a diameter about one-third that of a red blood cell, appear, also, in the blood of the monkey during the active stage of vaccinia and disappear with the decline of the local inflammation. 3. A body of like appearance, granulation and size may occasionally be found in the normal blood of monkeys and children. 4. Pale amoeboid bodies, containing a few dark pigment-like granules, are present in the blood from cases of variola and in the blood of the variolated monkey. Bodies of like appearance may occasionally be found in the blood of vaccinated children and monkeys.
Assuming the typical colon bacillus and the typical typhoid bacillus to represent the types of this group that present the greatest divergences in biological peculiarities, we conclude, as others also have done, that there is a series of closely related forms that may be regarded as intermediate or transitional and which serve to establish a biological relationship, either near or remote, between these two typical members. From our own studies we are inclined to regard the typical colon bacillus as the type of this group, for the reason that its functional equilibrium, as observed in the intestine, is so permanent a quality that it may readily be perpetuated under what is ordinarily regarded as favorable artificial circumstances, and that with the continuance of such conditions there is no conspicuous tendency on the part of this organism to deviate from what we regard as its norm; whereas, on the other hand, with all the other members of this group with which we have worked, there is not only a lack of uniformity in the adjustment of the functions, but such as exists is readily disturbed under artificial environment; though it must be borne in mind that even with the typical colon bacillus we have also shown functional modifications to be possible under particular conditions. When the members of the colon group are cultivated under circumstances favorable to the development of both the function of fermentation and that of proteolysis, fermentation invariably takes precedence and no evidence of proteolysis is manifested until after fermentation has ceased. The cultivation of all the members of the colon group under circumstances that favor the development of one function, viz. that of proteolysis, at the expense of another, viz. that of fermentation, results first in an apparent increase of vigor; but this is of temporary duration and is quickly followed by the decline and death of the cell. The result of this increased activity of the proteolytic function is the formation of much larger amounts of indol by typical colon cultures than has ever been obtained by us by any other method. By the method of experimentation through which we were enabled to accentuate the proteolytic activity of the typical colon bacillus, as caused by an increase of indol formation, we have also induced the function of indol formation not only in atypical colon bacilli that had been devoid of it, but in every specimen of typical typhoid bacilli to which we had access as well. We feel justified in regarding one of the differential tests between the typhoid and colon bacillus, namely that of indol formation on the part of the latter and the absence of this function from the former, as of questionable value, for the reason, as shown above, that by particular methods of cultivation indol production has been shown to accompany the development of a number of specimens that we have every reason to regard as genuine typhoid bacilli. As a result of our own experiments, together with the observations of others, there can be no doubt that the bacillus coli communis at times possesses pathogenic properties, and that by artificial methods of treatment it may often be brought from a condition of benignity to one of virulence. The spleen of a typhoid patient has always been regarded as the only trustworthy source from which to obtain the typical typhoid bacillus. While we believe this to be true, still our investigations show that other members of the colon group may also be present in this viscus; in fact, from such spleens we have isolated practically all of the varieties of this group with which we are acquainted. From our experience, the value of the serum test for the differentiation of typhoid and colon bacilli would seem to be questionable. We are inclined, however, to attribute the irregularities recorded above as due more to the method of application than to defects of the principles involved; for, as stated, by the use of dried blood, as in our experiments, it is not possible to make the test with constant and accurate, or even approximately accurate, dilutions of the serum. Our irregularities may be in part due to this defect. We therefore lay less stress upon this than upon the other features of our work.
The action of aconitin on the dog's heart, therefore, seems to consist in: 1. A stimulation of the inhibitory mechanism, especially of the centres in the medulla oblongata. 2. An increase in the irritability of the muscle of the auricle and the ventricle, which leads to independent contractions of one or both of these divisions and culminates in fibrillary contractions in the ventricle. The first of these is the only effect seen in the therapeutic use of the drug, and aconitin may, therefore, be considered to be indicated when it is desirable to stimulate the inhibitory centre without acting on the heart muscle. Of course it has a further effect on the circulation through the stimulation of the vaso-motor centre, but this would appear to be of minor importance.
THE RESULTS AND CONCLUSIONS OF THE ABOVE INVESTIGATION ARE: 1. The term glio-sarcoma should be dropped, as unscientific and misleading in its significance. 2. The problems regarding neuroglia demand varied methods for their adequate study. 3. With all the means at our command, the absolute determination of the relation of cells and fibres in individual cases remains difficult and at times impossible. 4. No criterion has yet been offered to determine a fundamental distinction between glioma and sarcoma (Stroebe); and secondly, between glioma and so-called gliosis (Weigert). 5. The development of neuroglia in all probability is from cells with protoplasmic processes to cells with differentiated and independent fibres. 6. Herein lies a possible reconciliation of the conflicting views concerning the ultimate structure of human neuroglia.
1. It must be accepted from a comparison between the histological changes described in the focal necroses due to abrin and ricin, diphtheria, eclampsia, blood-serum intoxication, typhoid fever, lobar pneumonia and glanders, and those described here in three cases of tuberculosis, that the last are also instances of focal necrosis. 2. It may be claimed that the areas of necrosis in the three cases of tuberculosis had their origin in ischaemia, for the reason that they were numerous in the spleen and were not found in the kidney. Against such an explanation of their causation are the facts: that other forms of necrosis affect frequently the spleen and seldom the kidney; that thrombosis of vessels or any fixed relation of the areas in the spleen to blood-vessels could not be established; that the tubercle bacilli were invariably present; and lastly and of no slight importance, that these necroses were all present in cases of marked marasmus. 3. That the areas of necrosis in these three cases might be phenomena resulting from a mixed infection with pyogenic bacteria is possible, but no groups, colonies or even single bodies could be found which answered to the requirements in shape or staining properties for such bacteria. Even were it the case that the focal necroses here presented are the histological lesions of a septicaemia occurring as a complication of tuberculosis, the presence of the bacillus of tuberculosis in the areas of necrosis would still require explanation. 4. Lastly, it is not unreasonable to suppose that a diminished resistance on the part of the tissues incidental to marasmus is an important factor in the production of these necrotic lesions.
Semi-solid culture media, and more especially media rendered semi-solid by temperatures of from 30 degrees to 40 degrees C., seem to have an important bearing in the differentiation of bacterial species, particularly those presenting various degrees of motility. In such media not only the effect of differences in consistence on the motility of an organism may be noted, but the effect produced by various chemicals and nutrient ingredients on the growth and motility may be readily observed. By systematically varying the constituents of such media it has been possible to produce a medium in which the behavior of Bacillus typhosus differentiates it from the various members of the colon group; and also to produce a medium in which the colonies of Bacillus typhosus assume a form which distinguishes them from the colonies of the colon bacilli in plate cultures. Bacillus typhosus alone of all the organisms investigated during these experiments has displayed both the power of giving rise to thread-forming colonies in the plating medium and that of the uniform clouding of the tube medium, hence these two characters may prove to be of great value in the identification of this organism. The practical application of the use of these media has led to the ready detection of Bacillus typhosus and its isolation from the stools of patients suffering from typhoid fever. No suspected water has been subjected to test, but from the investigation of artificially infected tap-water the media here described may be assumed to have an application in the detection of Bacillus typhosus in such waters.
1. The proteids consisted of albumins and globulins, varying in quantity between the extremes of .9010 grm. and .2592 grm. in the 24 hours, but usually between .7 and .37 grm., the average being .5317 grm. 2. The quantity of the proteids varies directly as the urea, inversely as the external temperature. The relation between the quantity of urine and the quantity of proteid is not constant. The quantity of the proteida is little affected by diuretics; it tends to be increased by certain drugs that act upon the circulation. It is lessened during sleep. It is apt to suffer a sudden temporary increase, returning as suddenly to the usual average. For this phenomenon we have no explanation. 3. From .5449 to .6616 grm. of coagulable proteids a day (.0079 to .0094 grm. per kilo of body-weight) may be excreted through the urine for an indefinite time by an otherwise healthy individual without damage to either kidneys or organism.
From the foregoing description of the histological changes in the leptomeninx it is quite evident that we are dealing with a chronic, stationary, healing form of tuberculous inflammation. This statement is substantiated, in the first place, by the clinical history. The only reasonable interpretation of the symptoms would establish the duration of the process as four months. The imaginable contingency that there existed first a meningeal syphilitic lesion that was dispersed by the iodide of potassium only to be followed by a tuberculous infection is so remote and unlikely that it need not be discussed. At all events the tuberculous leptomeningitis, which presented a typical distribution, began insidiously, existed at times in a latent condition, and pursued a very anomalous course, marked by a relative mildness of all the symptoms, and thus it came about that when an apparent or real improvement followed the administration of iodide of potassium able observers were induced to make an erroneous diagnosis. Death occurred as a result of an intercurrent infection. The long duration of the process is also shown, anatomically, by the thick layer of firm, translucent and gelatinous material that matted together the structures at the base, and also by the evident adhesions between the pia and the brain. The histological examination furnishes proof positive of the correctness of the conclusion in regard to the peculiar character of this process because it shows: (1) That the tuberculous proliferation is uniform in development and has reached nearly the same stage of evolution throughout the entire extent of the leptomeninx involved; it is not a process that has advanced by exacerbations and irregular extensions; the lesions are, generally speaking, of nearly the same age everywhere and must have begun at about the same time. (2) That only a very limited degree of caseous degeneration is present, pointing to an early arrest of the activity of the tubercle bacillus or to a very decided diminution or attenuation of its virulence. (3) That the subendothelial intimal proliferations of epithelioid cells, so generally found in acute tuberculous leptomeningitis,* have in this case become more or less completely changed into distinct fibrous tissue in which but very slight, if any, direct evidence of its tuberculous origin can be found. It is only by recognizing that the chronic endarteritis is most marked in correspondence with the most advanced adventitial tuberculous changes, and by finding an imperfect, much altered giant cell in one district of intimal thickening, that we were able to establish the direct kinship of the endovascular changes with those of the pia in general. (4) That acute inflammatory changes, in the form of emigration of polymorphonuclear leucocytes and of fibrinous exudation, are entirely absent in all parts of the district involved. The presence of a turbid serous fluid is of course not at all inconsistent with the view that the anatomical changes are of long duration. (5) That the granulation tissue present is, in general, undergoing fibrillation and contains a rich supply of enabryonal capillary vessels as well as of larger blood-vessels of evidently new formation. The absence of any considerable extent of polymorphonuclear leucocytic infiltration in this tissue has already been referred to. The cells in the granulation tissue correspond to the cells of embryonal or formative connective tissue. Vacuolation is rarely present. (6) That the unusually large number of giant cells present are remarkably free from evidences of necrosis and degeneration of the character ordinarily observed in tuberculous proliferations, that they do not contain in demonstrable form tubercle bacilli, and that the majority of the giant cells seem to be separating into individual cells and smaller masses often with, but sometimes also without, evidences of nuclear disintegration. The possibility that these phenomena may signify fusion instead of the sundering of cells will be discussed below. For these reasons there can be no doubt that the general claim that we are dealing with an instance of chronic, healing tuberculous meningitis must be regarded as established beyond dispute. The growth of tubercle bacilli in the glycerine-agar tubes, inoculated with the fluid from the pial meshes, and the demonstration of tubercle bacilli, though in very small numbers, between the cells of the embryonal tissue, furnish the positive evidence that we are actually dealing with a tuberculous process due to living and not to dead bacilli. The degree of virulence of the cultures of tubercle bacilli was, unfortunately perhaps, not studied. The presence of living tubercle bacilli in a tissue free from active and acute changes characteristic of tuberculosis demonstrates that, whatever the actual degree of virulence of the bacilli may have been, the tissue in which they were found was at this time relatively immune from their action. The manner in which this immunity was produced, and in which the process of healing was initiated, need not be discussed at this time any further than to again direct attention to the fact that the bacilli lost their virulency as regards the cells in this leptomeninx before these cells underwent any marked degree of degeneration. The cells of the tuberculous proliferations survived the further action of the bacilli whose original effect it was to initiate cell accumulation or proliferation; the cells also retained sufficient vitality to develop, in some instances at any rate, into formative cells according as their origin would dictate, e. g. into fibroblasts. That fibroblasts are formed only by embryonal connective tissue cells, and not by wandering cells, such as the large mononuclear leucocytes, we are well aware, is possibly still a disputable assumption, and we do not consider it pertinent to discuss the question any further in connection with this study, but would only emphasize the point that some of the cells of tuberculous proliferations may, under favorable circumstances, become formative cells, and, furthermore, that the amount of formative tissue produced may be far in excess of what is actually needed for purposes of repair only. Surely the appearances here noted indicate that the bacillus of tuberculosis has the power to stimulate fixed cells to multiply, unless one assumes that all, or almost all, the formative cells here seen are derived from wandering cells attracted by the presence of the bacillus and its products. As to the ultimate fate of the formative and other cells in this healing tuberculous tissue no final statements can be made. It must be remembered that it is only one stage in the process of healing that is dealt with. The well marked evidences of fibrillation, the quite extensive formation of new vessels, the absence of evidences of degenerative changes in the uninuclear cells, all point to the production of new fibrous tissue as sure to occur, but it seems quite probable that occasional epithelioid cells may undergo or have undergone dropsical or other forms of degeneration, although it is certainly apparent that so far as the small cells are concerned the involution of the tuberculous tissue is not occurring through disintegration. Perhaps the most interesting feature in this case is the opportunity it affords to study the changes in the giant cells of healing, non-degenerated tuberculous tissue. In the first place, the large number of giant cells is quite remarkable. The general characters of the tissue in which they are found recall the fact that giant cells are regarded as quite constant elements in chronic mild tuberculosis; often the giant cells are the only cells that contain bacilli (Koch). In this instance the giant cells do not contain bacilli that are demonstrable by the usual methods; neither do they contain bodies that can be definitely interpreted as degenerate forms of bacilli such as those found by Metchnikoff, Stchastny, Weicker, and others, in the giant cells of Spermophilus guttatus, in avian and in human tuberculosis. Metchnikoff states, however, that he knows of the occurrence of such degenerate forms only in the Spermophilus guttatus under the circumstances mentioned, and in the rabbit and guinea-pig in mammalian tuberculosis, but not in man; consequently, the manner in which the giant cells rid themselves of the bacilli undoubtedly present in their interior at some time during their existence, must as yet remain without any explanation. In the description of the histological changes the various appearances presented by the giant cells are described somewhat minutely. The essential observations made concern, in my opinion, the further fate of giant cells which are still found to persist in healing nondegenerated tuberculous tissue. It was, I believe, quite conclusively shown that the consecutive changes appear to consist in the breaking up of the nuclei, the removal of the detritus by phagocytes, and the formation of a few apparently viable uninuclear cells in the case of more degenerated, exhausted giant cells, while other, and, as it would seem, better preserved or younger giant cells, separate into a number of individual, uninuclear cells with but little or no nuclear disintegration. Objection might be raised to this interpretation of the appearances in the giant cells. While no one could very well dispute the view that part of the giant cells are undergoing retrogressive and absorptive changes with the production of some viable cells, a question might well be raised concerning the nature of the process taking place in those giant cells that have been spoken of as splitting up or dividing into uninuclear cells and smaller multinucleated masses without much evidence of nuclear disintegration. (ABSTRACT TRUNCATED)
The case reported, in this article is one of a somewhat extensive cutaneous disease, which occurred in a man, 33 years of age, who gave the following history: The disease first made its appearance, eleven and a half years ago, at the back of the left ear, as a pimple which soon became pustular. The process extended forward, very slowly and gradually encroached upon and covered almost the entire face, the central portion of which now presents an atrophic cicatricial condition. Another similar lesion occurred, one month after the primary invasion, on the back of the hand, which healed in about four years, after treatment with caustic. A third lesion appeared on the right side of the scrotum (six months after), which increased in size for a year and then healed spontaneously. A fourth inoculation appeared, on the anterior surface of the left thigh just above the internal condyle, and grew for a year, after which it gradually healed spontaneously. A fifth lesion appeared on the back of the neck and also healed spontaneously after growing for a year. The disease when first examined presented many of the features of a lupus vulgaris. There were no enlarged lymphatic glands and the patient's health had always been good. The family and personal history revealed no syphilitic or tuberculous taint. Sections from the cutaneous lesions showed the presence of what appeared to be budding blastomycetes. The sections also presented pathological features similar to those seen in the first case recorded by Gilchrist; in many sections almost typical tubercles were found. The organisms in the tissue are chiefly spherical, unicellular bodies varying from 10-20 micro in diameter, and consist of a doubly contoured membrane, which encloses a fine granular protoplasm with sometimes a vacuole. Many budding forms in various stages were found; nonucleus could be demonstrated, neither were any mycelium or hyphae present in the tissues. The parasites were almost always found outside of cells, comparatively few being enclosed in giant cells. Pure cultures of the organism were obtained directly from the cutaneous lesions in two places from the pus squeezed out from between the papillomatous variety of the lesion. The organism grew on all ordinary media, and especially well on potato and beer-wort agar. The cultures showed both budding forms and a fairly profuse mycelium. Older cultures, carried through many generations, produced sometimes little or no mycelium. The organisms in the cultures were round, ovoid, doubly contoured, refractive bodies, varying in size from about 10 to 20micro in diameter. The mycelium was, on rare occasions, of two varieties, very fine and also coarse with sessile buds and conidia. Dogs, a horse, a sheep and guinea-pigs were successfully inoculated, the most striking results being nodules, grossly simulating tumors, in the lungs. Microscopically these nodules were of a chronic inflammatory nature and contained numerous parasites identical in appearance with those in the patient. In the tissues of none of the animals successfully inoculated was any mycelium found. Since our organism did not ferment sugar and produced in cultures mycelium, it may either belong to the blastomycetes or to the oidia, but in conformity with prevailing nomenclature we regard it as a blastomyces. We shall term the disease which has been produced by this organism Blastomycetic Dermatitis. We give the name Blastomyces dermatitidis to the parasite which we have isolated and described in this paper. In closing we are of the opinion that it would be advisable to examine more carefully all tuberculous lesions of the skin, and especially those of tuberculosis verrucosa cutis, for the presence of blastomycetes. This can be readily and rapidly done by soaking the unstained sections in ordinary liquor potassse, when the organisms if present will stand out as doubly contoured refractive bodies.
FROM THE RESULTS OF THE VARIOUS EXPERIMENTS ALREADY DETAILED I FEEL JUSTIFIED IN DRAWING THE FOLLOWING CONCLUSIONS: (1) Absolutely fresh thyroid gland is not poisonous, in the usual sense of the term, when absorbed through the alimentary canal. (2) The symptoms of induced thyroidism are manifestations of an intoxication resulting from the ingestion of decomposed thyroid material, a conclusion that agrees in part with the previously related observations of Lanz. (3) The so-called experimental thyroidism is not specific for the thyroid only, for the ingestion of many substances derived from animal tissues other than the thyroid gland may produce an intoxication strikingly similar in every respect to that of experimental thyroidism. (4) Most, if not all, animal tissues yield substances which, if injected in large quantities directly into the circulation or beneath the skin, will produce an intoxication often very similar to that produced by injections of various substances derived from the fresh thyroid tissue. (5) The effects resulting from the intravascular or subcutaneous injections of aqueous extracts, decoctions and the concentrated extractives of the thyroid tissue, of the thymus, of muscle, etc., are by no means necessarily indicative of the function and the action of the hypothetical internal secretions of the same tissues during life. (6) The utilization of the fact that ingestion of decomposed thyroid material produces on certain occasions an intoxication with certain symptoms similar to some of those of G-raves' disease is not justifiable for the furtherance of the theory that the symptoms of exophthalmic goitre result from an over-production of the thyroid secretion. (7) Our results lead us to conclude with Drechsel that the fresh thyroid tissue yields at least probably two substances that are capable of palliating the symptoms of the acute cachexia in totally thyroidless dogs. (8) The thymus tissue also yields one and probably two substances that are as equally capable as the thyroid extractives of palliating the acute cachexia in totally thyroidless dogs. (9) Neither of the above substances is an enzyme, nor does either contain iodine. (10) Neither the feeding of minced raw thyroid glands, nor the injection of aqueous thyroid extracts, decoctions, and concentrated solutions of the extracted palliative thyroid principles is capable of keeping totally thyroidless young dogs alive longer than a few weeks (possibly three weeks). Still less capable are the thyroid preparations containing decomposition products. (11) The presence of one, or usually several, small accessory thyroid bodies, which gradually hypertrophy and wholly or partially assume the functions of the excised thyroid lobes, accounts for the occasionally long survival of thyroidectomized, thyroid-fed, young dogs. (12) Totally thyroidless young dogs are so quickly overwhelmed by the cachexia, and the intervals between the thyroidectomy and the onset of the severe dyspnoeic attacks and subsequent deaths differ so slightly, no matter which of the usual varieties of fresh food are employed, that kinds of fresh food cannot be unquestionably affirmed to influence the onset of the cachexia in any especially definite manner. Animal foods, in which constituents poisonous to rabbits have developed, probably slightly hasten the onset of the severer symptoms, and the vaunted remarkably modifying influence of a diet of ordinary milk, such as Breisacher observed, does not exist in the case of the totally thyroidless dog. (13) Monkeys whose general metabolism is disturbed in consequence of the removal of a greater portion of the thyroid gland, evidently become more susceptible to those constituents of meat that are poisonous to rabbits, and sufficient clinical evidence exists for concluding that probably a like susceptibility to animal foods containing such constituents also exists in men when the function of the thyroid gland is sufficiently disturbed. (14) And, finally, as regards the thyroid factor in the pathology of exophthalmic goitre, I agree with Gley that the majority of the symptoms in many patients with that disease can apparently, from an experimental standpoint, be as plausibly explained by the hypothesis of partially deficient thyroid activity as by the hypothesis of augmentation of thyroid function.
My experiments lead me to believe that complete occlusion of the small intestine at its lower end will give rise to the occurrence of cholin, neurin and perhaps other bases, provided the food taken contains any considerable quantity of lecithin. It is not improbable that still other poisons are formed by bacterial action from other constituents of the food in cases of intestinal obstruction. While cholin would have to be absorbed in relatively large amounts to exert a marked toxic action in human beings it is otherwise with neurin, which is many times more intense in its action and must be classed with the exceedingly active poisons. It has been shown both by the experiments of Schmidt and Weiss and also by those recorded in this paper that the poisonous neurin may be formed from cholin by bacteria. In its physiological action neurin agrees closely with muscarin; especially to be noted here is the paralytic action on the heart and its power to increase the intestinal movements to such an extent that continual evacuations occur. Whether the ptomaine which was found by me is poisonous 1 cannot yet say. It must be considered proved, however, that highly toxic substances may arise in the intestinal canal during its complete occlusion. The method of treating cases of intestinal obstruction, before surgical means are resorted to, namely, washing out the stomach and as much of the gut as possible often reduces the violent paristalsis and this is due, perhaps, to the removal of substances out of which irritating and toxic products are formed by bacteria. In conclusion, I would remark that our knowledge of the fate of lecithin in the digestive canal under normal conditions is very deficient. The assumption that it is saponified by the fat-splitting enzyme of the pancreatic juice, thus yielding cholin, glycero-phosphoric acid and fatty acids, rests on the work of Bókai in 1877 and, as that investigator himself admits, without excluding bacterial action. This omission throws grave doubts on the results. If the assumption of Bókai be correct, caution must be observed in the use of some foods that have been considered most nutritious and healthful; for instance, the ingestion of a meal made up largely of eggs would hardly be without danger because of the poisonous action of the large quantity of cholin liberated from the lecithin and the probability of the formation of the highly poisonous neurin. It is my purpose in the near future to examine this question with the help of modern methods.
(1) There is a transitory glycosuria in diphtheria, which is found frequently in the severe cases and is usually present in the fatal ones. (2) This glycosuria is often associated with albuminuria. (3) Injections of diphtheria antitoxin are occasionally followed for a few days by a slight glycosuria.
THE FOLLOWING GENERAL CONCLUSIONS MAY BE DRAWN FROM THE PRECEDING WORK: Fibrin is altered by formaldehyde and is then less easily digested by pepsin and by trypsin. Papaïn is apparently unable to digest fibrin even when this is exposed to very weak formaldehyde (1:1000) for a very short time. The casein of milk, on contact with formaldehyde, undergoes rapid alteration and is as a result not coagulated by rennet, or but very slowly. Such altered casein, like similar fibrin, is not readily digested by the proteolytic ferments. The longer the formaldehyde acts on casein and on fibrin the more marked is the result. Pepsin is not affected by a one per cent solution of formaldehyde, even when the mixture has stood for four weeks. Even a five per cent solution of formaldehyde acting for three weeks has no effect on pepsin. Contrary results obtained by others are due to an alteration of the fibrin by the formaldehyde. A putrid solution of pepsin in distilled water one month old digests fibrin as readily as a fresh solution. Rennet is not affected even by a four per cent solution of formaldehyde acting for several weeks. The absence of coagulation at times is due to the action of formaldehyde on the casein of the milk and not on the rennet ferment. Papaïn is very quickly altered by formaldehyde, even in very dilute solution. Moreover, it is unable to digest fibrin that has been exposed to the action of a very dilute solution of formaldehyde for a short time. Trypsin is altered by formaldehyde to such an extent that digestion of fibrin will not take place, or but very slowly. The extent to which trypsin is affected by formaldehyde depends largely upon the amount of organic matter present, as well as on the amount of ferment in the solution. Amylopsin is not destroyed by very dilute solutions of formaldehyde, but stronger solutions decrease the activity of the ferment, and if used in sufficient concentration will destroy it completely. Ptyalin, like the diastatic ferment of the pancreas, is not destroyed by dilute solutions of formaldehyde. If the latter is used in rather strong concentration and allowed to act for some time it will destroy the ferment. The action of formaldehyde is more rapid and more marked at a slightly elevated temperature than at ordinary room temperature. Malt diastase, unlike the diastatic ferments of the saliva and pancreatic solution, is not destroyed by formaldehyde when this is used in moderate amount and at ordinary temperature. Unlike pepsin, a solution of malt diastase readily undergoes decomposition on standing even for one or more days. This destruction is undoubtedly due to bacteria since it does not take place when formaldehyde is present. Consequently the favoring action which formaldehyde apparently exerts on diastase really consists in the inhibition of the growth of micro-organisms, and hence the diastase is protected against decomposition.
(1) An acute gonorrhoeal urethritis may be the starting point for a grave general septicaemia with all its possible complications. (2) These infections may be mixed or secondary, due to the entrance into the circulation of organisms other than the gonococcus, or they may be purely gonococcal in nature. (3) Endocarditis is an occasional complication of gonorrhoea. (4) This endocarditis may be transient, disappearing with but few apparent results, or it may leave the patient with a chronic valvular lesion, or it may pursue a rapidly fatal course with the symptoms of acute ulcerative endocarditis. (5) The endocarditis associated with gonorrhoea is commonly due to the direct action of the gonococcus, hut may be the result of a secondary or mixed infection. (6) Pericarditis may also occur as a complication of gonorrhoea, but it is less frequent than endocarditis. It may, as in the case of the latter, be the result either of a pure gonococcal or of a mixed infection. (7) Grave myocardial changes, necroses, purulent infiltration, embolic abscesses are common in the severe gonococcal septicaemias. (8) In instances of gonococcal septicaemia the diagnosis may, in some cases, be made during life by cultures taken from the circulating blood according to proper methods.
1. I have simplified the dilution method by using a stock glycerine emulsion of the virulent cord, from which the desired dilutions can be readily prepared. The proportion of glycerine should not exceed (1/5) part, if it is desired to retain the full virulence of the emulsion. 2. There is some danger of giving rabies to animals in the dilution immunization treatment, a danger which is not present in the Pasteur method. 3. The dried-cord method does not rest solely upon the principle of dilution, but is based also upon attenuation of the virus. 4. The Pasteur method being entirely free from the element of danger which pertains to the glycerine dilution method and resting upon a sounder experimental basis is the one to be preferred.
(1) The application of the Nissl method to the study of the motor cells of the spinal cord, and the nerve cells of the dorsal root ganglia in typhoid fever, shows that these cells regularly suffer pathological changes in the course of the infection. (2) The alterations in the motor cells are more constant and of a severer grade than are those in the cells of the sensory ganglia. The more characteristic changes consist of disintegration, solution and destruction of the chromatic substance of the cell starting from the axone hillock and proceeding toward the nucleus. Coincidently the nuclei of the affected cells seek the periphery. Alterations are also suffered by the nucleus and nucleolus. (3) While this central form of ehromatolysis is the prevailing type of pathological change, disintegration, etc., of the Nissl bodies situated in the periphery of the cell and in the dendrites is also observed (peripheral chromatolysis). (4) In experimental infection with typhoid bacilli in rabbits a similar series of lesions in the corresponding nerve cells in the spinal cord and ganglia is encountered. (5) The main or central type of lesions discovered is identical with that found in man and animals after section, destruction, or even slight injury of the peripheral nerves. (6) The examination of the peripheral nerves arising from the lumbar segment of the cord (the site in man and rabbit of the most profound changes) in rabbits inoculated with typhoid bacilli showed well-marked evidences of parenchymatous degeneration. (7> It is probable that lesions of the peripheral nerves in typhoid fever in human beings are common and that the post-typhoid hyper sthesias and paralyses are due to this cause. (8) Restitution of the chromatic granules may take place in the affected nerve cells, the new formation beginning about the nucleus and extending through the protoplasm.
1. Tubercle bacilli when suspended in. distilled water, normal salt solution, bouillon and milk, are destroyed at 60 degrees C. in 15 to 20 minutes. The larger number are destroyed in 5 to 10 minutes. 2. When tubercle bacilli are suspended in milk, the pellicle which forms during the exposure at 60 degrees C. may contain living bacilli after 60 minutes.
1. As varying amounts of calcium oxalate may be held in solution in the urine, conclusions based upon the presence or number of calcium oxalate crystals found therein are of no real value as an indication of the quantity of oxalic acid present. 2. Unless the utmost care is exercised, the results obtained by quantitative estimation of oxalic acid are subject to large percentages of error. This is especially true in the use of Neubauer's or Shultzen's methods, in which the calcium oxalate is precipitated in an alkaline solution. 3. An ordinary mixed diet regularly contains traces of oxalic acid or its salts. 4. A portion of the oxalic acid ingested with the food may be absorbed and reappear unchanged in the urine. 5. The normal daily excretion of oxalic acid in the urine fluctuates with the amount taken in the food, and varies from a few milligrammes to two or three centigrammes, being usually below ten milligrammes. 6. In health, no oxalic acid, or only a trace, is formed in the body, but that present in the urine has been ingested with the food. 7. In certain clinical disturbances which in some of the cases studied above were associated with absence of free hydrochloric acid from the gastric juice, oxalic acid is formed in the organism. 8. This formation in the organism is connected with fermentative activity in the alimentary canal. (a) The prolonged feeding of dogs with excessive quantities of glucose, together with meat, leads eventually to a state of oxaluria. (6) This experimental oxaluria is associated with a mucous gastritis, and with absence of free hydrochloric acid in the gastric contents. (c) The oxaluria and the accompanying gastritis are referable to fermentation induced by the excessive feeding with sugar. (d) The experimental gastritis from fermentation is associated with the formation of oxalic acid in the gastric contents. 9. The symptoms attributed to an oxalic acid diathesis, with the exception of those due to local irritation in the genitourinary tract, do not appear to be due to the presence in the system of soluble oxalates, but are more likely to depend on other products of fermentation and putrefaction.
THE RESULTS OF THE FOREGOING EXPERIMENTS MAY BE BRIEFLY SUMMARIZED AS FOLLOWS: The amount of antitoxic substance obtained by precipitation with magnesium sulphate from the blood-serum of the horse corresponds, as nearly as can be determined by the use of test guinea-pigs, in full to the protective power of the serum from which it is obtained, i. e. the precipitate from 1 cc. of serum will protect against the same amount of toxin as 1 cc. of the serum itself. Equal amounts of the precipitates by magnesium sulphate from immunized and non-immunized horses act differently toward toxin; i. e. the proportion of protective substance to the precipitate from non-immunized serum is exceedingly small as compared with the proportion of antitoxin to the precipitate from sera of immunized horses. The average precipitate from the sera of immunized horses, as obtained by magnesium sulphate, is more abundant than the average precipitate from sera of non-immunized horses. In the case of the same animal before and after immunization, the serum before immunization gives a less abundant precipitate with magnesium sulphate than the serum tested after immunization. The proportion of increase per unit of antitoxic strength for the same or different horses is not constant. This may be due to an increase of inactive substances (in their relation to diphtheric toxin) or to imperfect methods of determination. The precipitates obtained by magnesium sulphate give all the reactions recognized as characteristic of globulins, and as distinguishing them from other albuminous bodies. We are not warranted, then, in the present state of our knowledge, in considering any part of these precipitates as other than globulin. But it does seem warrantable to conclude, from the fact that the globulins of normal serum do not protect, or only in comparatively large amounts, against diphtheric toxin, that new globulins are formed, or rather greatly increased in the serum of immunized horses, and that these globulins protect against the toxin. These increased globulins and the inert globulins (which from obvious causes are a very variable factor) are both precipitated by magnesium sulphate. Every animal has a physiological and pathological history more or less widely diverging from the normal, hence absolute conformity in the results obtained is not to be expected, at least with our present methods of differentiation.
1. The globulins of both normal and diphtheria antitoxic serum exhibit chemically toward reagents the same reactions, being precipitated by magnesium sulphate and split up into fractions in precisely the same way. 2. All of the diphtheric antitoxic power of both normal and immunized serum is always carried by the globulin and its fractional precipitates. 3. During the fractional precipitation of the serum globulin of horses immunized from diphtheria toxin and horses not immunized from diphtheria toxin, some of the globulin is lost, likewise at the same time some of the antitoxic power of the globulin of the immunized serum is lost. 4. These reactions, considered in connection with the fact that different observers as well as we ourselves have found diphtheric antitoxic power in normal horse's serum and that this antitoxin separates with the globulin, strongly incline us to consider "diphtheria antitoxin" a form of globulin. 5. The reactions of globulin, previously separated from the serum by magnesium sulphate, with sodium chloride lead one to think that there is a formation of globulin salts. 6. Since serum albumin in a magnesium sulphate solution gives fractional precipitates at definite temperatures, it seems not improbable that the albumin is precipitated in the form of albumin salts.
In the case reported in this article there was septicaemia with special localization of the microorganisms in the brain, with gas cysts of the brain and general gaseous emphysema due to Bacillus mucosus capsulatus (aërogenes group). The bacillus isolated from the organs of this case, as well as other members of the aërogenic group of Bacillus mucosus capsulatus can cause general gaseous emphysema in the cadavers of rabbits, either with or without the intravenous injection of sugar before the animal is killed, the gas, however, being most abundant and rapidly formed in the former case. It is not impossible that some of the published cases of gaseous emphysema in which a bacteriological examination was not made, may have been due to members of the Bacillus mucosus capsulatus group.
THE RESULTS OBTAINED IN THIS STUDY MAY BE BRIEFLY SUMMARIZED: 1. Acid-resisting bacilli are found in many of the lower animals, more especially the horse, cow, dog, guinea-pig and white rat. In the case of the rabbit and cat no such organisms were detected. 2. Many of these acid-resisting bacilli resemble the tubercle bacillus and the smegma bacillus of man. 3. The acid-resisting organisms are undoubtedly of different species and there is good reason to believe that the term smegma bacillus denotes not a definite species but rather a group of bacilli having common staining properties.
1. The several standard cultures used in this study are indistinguishable -a conclusion previously reached and stated by Flexner. 2. The acute dysentery of the United States is due to a bacillus indistinguishable from that obtained from the epidemics of dysentery in several other parts of the world. 3. The sporadic and the institutional outbreaks of acute dysentery are caused by the same microorganism, and this organism is identical with that causing epidemic acute dysentery. 4. The cause of acute dysentery, whether sporadic, institutional, or epidemic, is Bacillus dysenteriae Shiga.
The epidemics we have observed, were due to the presence and growth in the frogs of Bacillus hydrophilus fuscus. This was proved by recovering the bacillus in pure culture from the body fluids of frogs sick or dead of the disease, and the inoculation of healthy frogs with an emulsion of the pure culture, and by obtaining the same clinical picture and pathological findings as in the original diseased frogs; and, finally, by recovering the bacillus in pure culture from frogs inoculated and sick or dying as a result of the inoculation. The disease is widely distributed throughout North America and Europe, and in this country and Canada is known as "red-leg." It has been observed by us chiefly in the warm weather of September and October. The disease is characterized by congestion of the ventral surfaces of the body, with more or less ulceration in, and haemorrhage beneath, the skin, bloating due to serous exudation into the lymph sacs, gradual failure to respond to stimuli, which symptoms are followed by coma and death, the last being occasionally preceded by tetanic seizures. After death haemorrhages into the muscles and degenerative changes in the muscles, spleen, liver, and, to a slight degree, in the intestinal tract, are found. The blood shows an advanced degree of anaemia and leucocytosis. Predisposing causes of the disease are lesions of the skin, which seem to be the usual portal of entry of the infection, and lowered resistance from heat and from anaemia. By a series of controlled experiments with inoculated frogs we have shown that, while temperatures a little above freezing have no harmful effect upon the frogs, they completely control all manifestations of the disease in inoculated or diseased frogs, if the frogs are left in the cold for a period as long as seven days; and, further, that even short periods in the cold chamber will bring about a delay of the fatal results in diseased or inoculated frogs. The anaemia so often found in apparently healthy frogs seems in many cases to be due to the presence in the lungs of the frog of a parasite, the Distomum cylindraceum, which, occurring in sufficiently large numbers in an individual frog, is capable of materially diminishing the available supply of red corpuscles. Severe laking of the blood, the presence of numerous isolated red-cell nuclei, and great diminution in the number, or almost total absence of the red cells in the diseased frogs, are in proportion to the severity of the infection and due to bacterial action. The presence of the haematozoan parasite, the Drepanidium, does not play any part as a predisposing or exciting cause of the disease. The ascarid Rhabdomena nigrovenosum, although frequently present as a parasite in the lungs of the frogs, plays no part in causing or promoting the disease.
(1) The cytotoxins are not specific. (2) The changes occurring after the injection of different cytotoxins are similar and do not vary in kind. (3) The changes do, however, vary in degree in the following order, the one having the most marked effect being placed first, etc.: (a) Haemolymphotoxin, (b) Splenotoxin, (c) Lymphotoxin, (d) Endotheliotoxin, (e) Nephrotoxin, (f) Hepatotoxin. (4) Nephrotoxin causes the most specific change. (5) The haemolymph glands play some important part in the production of eosinophiles. The haemolytic action of haemolymphotoxic serum is greater than that of other cytotoxic sera. (6) The histological changes which are observed in every case are secondary to the haemolytic factor present in all cytotoxic sera.
1. Better results in the production of diphtheria antitoxin can be obtained with greater experience in the selection of the most suitable type of horses to be used. Young animals are usually to be preferred. Over one-half of all such horses can be made to yield 300-unit serum, while a third will yield (5)oo-unit serum. 2. High-test horses require a shorter time to immunize and will yield a potent serum for a longer period than will low-test horses. 3. The period of usefulness of an antitoxin horse is short, and on an average endures only a few months. 4. A horse having attained a maximal antitoxic height begins to suffer a decline in antitoxin, which is usually as rapid as the ascent has been, and is unaffected by subsequent injections of diphtheria toxin.
Washed blood corpuscles of certain species of animals in a concentration of about (5) per cent suspended in salt solution containing above 4 per cent of cobra venom undergo changes in their resistance to certain physical and chemical agents. They become non-haemolyzable by water, ether, saponin, and quite strong solutions of lecithin, provided always that the excess of venom has not been entirely removed. On the other hand, certain acids and alkalis, excepting ammonia, lake the venomized corpuscles more easily than they lake normal corpuscles. Venom solutions of 2 per cent and less exert no protective property upon blood corpuscles, but they induce changes in the corpuscles whereby they are rendered more easily laked by the same physical and chemical agents.
The reparative process which follows the wide spread necrosis of the dog's liver caused by the injection of haemagglutinative serum constitutes a chronic interstitial hepatitis of definite and constant character. This is not only a new type of experimental hepatic lesion, but is more definitely a cirrhosis than is any other experimental lesion hitherto described. It is of importance in explaining the histogenesis of cirrhosis, and incidentally various repair processes in the liver; but it does not aid in the elucidation of the etiology of cirrhosis in man, nor does it explain the peculiar arrangement of the new connective tissue in any form of human cirrhosis except possibly that associated with chronic passive congestion. It definitely demonstrates, however, that cirrhosis may follow extensive primary destructive lesions, a view not yet fully accepted, and supports the contention of Kretz that cirrhosis is essentially a reparative process.
THE FACTS COLLECTED IN THE THIRD PART OF THIS PAPER JUSTIFY THE FOLLOWING CONCLUSIONS: (1) All of the cardinal symptoms of Stokes-Adams disease may be duplicated by heart-block resulting from a lesion in or near the auriculo-ventricular bundle of His, and by this alone. (2) No typical case of Stokes-Adams disease has been described in which heart-block might not have been the cause of the trouble. (3) It can be shown that all cases of Stokes-Adams disease which have been studied by sufficiently accurate methods were cases of heart-block. (4) It would appear that heart-block without and with syncopal attacks are two stages of the same disease process.
Since the haemolysins of the several venoms respond differently to photodynamic action, they may be regarded as possessing different chemical constitutions. As regards stability, cobra haemolysin ranks first, daboia second, and Crotalus third. The toxicity of all the venoms is more or less diminished by eosin and erythrosin in sunlight. This reduction in toxicity depends upon chemical changes, of more or less profound nature, taking place in certain of the active principles of the venom. The more stabile the predominant active principles the less the reduction in toxicity, and vice versa. Venom-neurotoxins are highly resistant to photodynamic action, venom-haemolysins are less resistant, while the haemorrhagin and thrombokinase of Crotalus and daboia venoms exhibit weak powers of resistance to their action. Hence it follows that while cobra venom remained almost unaltered, rattlesnake and daboia venoms were greatly reduced in toxicity when mixed with the fluorescent dyes and exposed to sunlight. There is an interesting parallel between the action of eosin and erythrosin upon the different venoms and their reactions to other injurious agencies. For example, the haemolysins of cobra and daboia venoms are more heat resistant than the haemolysin of Crotalus venom, and the former are less injured by the dyes than the latter. The neurotoxin of the former venoms is also more heat stabile than that of the rattlesnake, and the same relative degree of resistance holds for this substance and the anilines. Just as the haemorrhagin of rattlesnake venom and the thrombokinase of daboia venom are destroyed by a temperature of 75 degrees C., so are they readily inactivated by the photo dynamic substances employed. The globulin-precipitating and blood corpuscle-protecting principle of cobra venom is relatively thermostabile and in contradistinction to the immunity-precipitins it is also unaffected by eosin and erythrosin. This study of the action of photodynamic substances upon snake venoms serves again to bring out the fact of their highly complex nature, and while enlarging somewhat the field in which photodynamic activity is known to operate, it also proves that this form of destructive activity is affected by the same conditions of resistance as confront the action of the usual physical and chemical agents.
The cerebral circulation was interrupted for periods of three to eighty-one minutes by ligation of the innominate and left subclavian arteries proximal to the origin of the vertebral, in ninety-three cats. Eleven dogs were used in the earlier experiments. The eye reflexes disappear very quickly and a period of high blood pressure follows the occlusion immediately; vagus inhibition causes cardiac slowing and a fall in blood pressure, followed by a second rise after the vagus center succumbs to anaemia. Respiration stops temporarily (twenty to sixty seconds) after the beginning of occlusion, and then follows a series of strong gasps of the Cheyne-Stokes type, after which it stops until some time after the restoration of the cerebral circulation. The respiratory and vagus centers lose their power of functioning at approximately the same time. Asphyxial slowing of the heart may occur without the agency of the vagus center. The blood pressure slowly falls to a level which is maintained throughout the remainder of the period of occlusion. The anterior part of the cord and the encephalon lose all function; no reflexes are obtainable. The reflexes of the posterior part of the cord persist; the intravenous injection of strychnine does not affect the anterior part of the cord during the period of occlusion; but does affect the posterior portion of the cord. There is no secretion of tears or saliva, and the intra-ocular pressure is reduced. The blood pressure falls still more after release of the cerebra arteries, but soon begins to rise. The respiration returns suddenly, two to sixty minutes after restoration of the cerebral circulation, the first gasp being a strong one. The rate gradually increases until rapid enough for natural respiration. The eye reflexes and intra-ocular tension return more gradually, ten minutes to three hours after restoration of the cerebral circulation. The anterior part of the cord recovers its functions gradually. The first reflexes occur only on the same side as the stimulus, crossing of reflexes, to involve the other side, not occurring till later. As a rule, all reflexes return, and a short period of quiet follows. The anterior part of the cord again becomes irritable to strychnine, but succumbs to its action before the normal part. Spasms, of tonic, clonic, or mixed type, then appear, terminating in (a) death, (b) partial or (c) complete recovery. In partial recovery, disturbances of locomotion, such as walking in a circle, paralysis, dementia, loss of sight, hearing, and general intelligence, characterize the post-convulsive period. After complete recovery, there is a return to normal deportment. No gross lesions of the nervous system, other than a congested appearance of the previously anaemic area, were observed. Transection of the spinal cord stops the spasms below the level of section. Hemisection of the cord stops the spasms on the same side, below the level of section. Death, without any return of the reflexes after release of the cerebral arteries, has followed an occlusion of seven and one-half minutes. Respiration has returned after an occlusion of one hour. Five animals have recovered completely after an occlusion of seven minutes or more. Only one animal has recovered completely after an occlusion of fifteen minutes. No animal has recovered completely after an occlusion of twenty minutes. In Herzen's (26) resuscitation of an animal after several hours of cerebral anaemia, there must have been some anastomotic channels to the brain. Mayer's (27) limit of ten to fifteen minutes of cerebral anaemia, beyond which resuscitation is not practicable, is close to the correct one. It appears to us that, in cases of resuscitation two hours after cessation of the heart-beat, (Prus., loc.cit.) the auricles must have kept up a slow but, in some degree, an efficient movement of the blood through the brain. The truth of this suggestion might be tested by introducing some easily recognized, non-diffusible substance into a vein after the heart-beat ceases to affect a manometer, and later searching for it in the brain and other parts of the body. But, whatever the reason, cerebral anaemia in these cases must have been less complete than in our experiments. The histological alterations of the cord and brain are now being studied. The results will be published later.
1. In a patient with typhoid fever, who had taken, during eleven days, 132 grammes of lactate of calcium by the mouth, as well as 5 grammes of chloride of calcium subcutaneously, there developed, eleven days after the subcutaneous infusion, a large abscess of the breast from which Bacillus typhosus and Staphylococcus aureus were obtained on culture. The abscess was opened and the wound packed with iodoform gauze. Eleven days later a deposit of calcium appeared in the granulation tissue bordering the wound. This rapidly increased until the rim of the opening and the lining granulation tissue were converted into a hard, calcareous mass. A number of nodules of an apparently similar character appeared in other parts of the breast. 2. A month later the iodoform packing was removed and the patient was put on a carbohydrate free diet. This was continued for twenty-four of the next thirty-six days. Under this treatment the abscess almost entirely healed with complete disappearance of the deposit of calcium. 3. Studies of the intake and output of calcium showed that, during three days under a diet of milk and eggs there was a material calcium retention ((I).346 grammes) : (b) That during two periods amounting to three weeks in all, under a carbohydrate free diet, there was an excess of Ca elimination over the intake of 3.672 grammes, (c) That during ten days following the last carbohydrate free period, under a normal diet, there was a retention of calcium amounting to 0.602 gramme. 4. The disappearance of calcium from the breast was associated in time with the carbohydrate free diet and the excessive elimination of calcium. 3. Under the carbohydrate free diet acetone and diacetic acid appeared on two occasions in the urine, but were not accompanied by any increase in the elimination of calcium. 6. With regard to the cause of the calcification, we cannot speak with certainty. The remarkable association of the deposition of calcium at the seat of an injection of calcium chloride in an individual who had been receiving large quantities of lactate of calcium by the mouth-a deposition occurring in tissues which were in direct connection with or in the immediate neighborhood of a dressing containing iodoform, a poison which in certain animals produces degenerative changes in the kidneys and liver which are peculiarly prone to calcification, is striking and worthy of note. 7. In how far the decalcification of the affected area may have been due to the carbohydrate free regime with the consequent excess in calcium elimination, it is impossible, on the basis of a single case, to say. The coincidence in time of the disappearance of calcium from the breast with this treatment is, however, remarkable and extremely suggestive.
A specific antivenin against crotalus venom can be prepared bv the immunization of goats. A specific antivenin against water moccasin venom can be produced by the immunization of goats with this venom, modified by hydrochloric acid. Immunization with the unmodified venom is very difficult. The toxicity of crotalus venom is diminished more than fifty percent. by passage through a Chamberland filter. There is a simple relation between the toxicity and the body weight for guinea-pigs weighing from 250 to 500 grams. Smaller guinea-pigs (125 grams) are comparatively less resistant. The toxicity is smaller by subcutaneous than by intraperitoneal injection (guinea-pigs), or by intravenous injection (rabbits). White rats are very resistant. The toxicity of cobra venom is not measurably diminished by filtration through a Chamberland filter. The relation between the amount of venom and the corresponding time of death is very regular, and can be expressed by a curve of asymptotic nature. Lecithin does not increase the toxicity. The tracings representing toxin-antitoxin neutralization for the three venoms (crotalus, cobra and moccasin) show deviation from the straight line. This deviation is most pronounced for the toxic quota of the venoms. The tracing representing crotalus venomantivenin neutralization, determined on guinea-pigs, can, within errors of experiment, be expressed by the equation: Free toxin . Free antitoxin = K . toxin-antitoxin. The corresponding tracing determined on rabbits is somewhat different, but both tracings are much more markedly curved than that for cobra venom-antivenin. The neutralization tracing of water moccasin venom shows the peculiarity, that small amounts of antivenin decrease the toxicity to a minimum, but the toxicity is again increased by further addition of antitoxin. The tracing representing neutralization of the haemolysins of the three venoms are different from the tracings of neutralization of the toxins, and approach very closely to a straight line. Still, in all instances, the determinations with great concentrations of antilysin show pronounced deviation, perhaps due to some dissociation of the toxin-antitoxin combination.
Previous investigators have found that complete occlusion of the ureter may lead either to hydronephrosis or to atrophy. In Lindemann's series of six dogs;, for instance: Two animals showed simple hydronephrosis, three animals showed simple atrophy, and in one animal the kidney was slightly enlarged and the ureter and pelvis dilated, but fluid was absent. In his series of four rabbits, all showed hydronephrosis. The result, whether hydronephrosis or atrophy, is evidently not determined by the time elapsing after the operation. Lindemann found that the intrapelvic pressure resulting from the ligation obliterates the lumen of the vessels, first of the veins and subsequently of the arteries; but that this is compensated by an increase of the collateral blood supply through the capsule, the degree of this compensation determining the presence or absence of hydronephrosis. If the blood supply is free, the fluid after tapping will accumulate again and again. It is somewhat remarkable that all of our dogs showed hydronephrosis after the first operation. The results of establishing a urinary fistula differed in the two cases in which it was tried: The fluid did not re-form in Dog 3 even when sodium sulphate was injected: whereas in Dog 4, a very abundant quantity of fluid reaccumulated spontaneously; but it differed notably in composition from the original fluid, having more the character of a purulent inflammatory exudate. The histological changes consist in necrosis of the renal cells, obliteration of the glomeruli, increase of connective tissue, and endarteritis and periarteritis. Different areas in the same kidney are affected in very different degree, some areas appearing almost normal. The glomeruli are generally less altered than the tubules. The collecting tubules are generally displaced so as to run parallel to the surface; many are dilated. The changes correspond closely to those described by Lindemann. The sound kidneys showed slight hyperaemia and hypertrophy, but no necrosis. This corresponds with the findings of Pearce and of Ames. The uniformity in chemical composition of the fluid obtained, after the first operation, from the four dogs, as shown by Column III of Table I, is very striking, and points to a uniform origin by a process which is but little affected by the interval elapsing after the operation. The specific gravity, total solids and proteids correspond to those of a very dilute lymph, being but a trifle above those of cerebro-spinal fluid and aqueous humor, and much lower than those of serum, lymph and most cystic fluids (the proteid content of the latter being generally from 2 to 6.5 per cent.). The human fluid (Column II) which had remained in the kidney for a very long time had a particularly low proteid percentage; while that of the second fluid of Dog 4 (Column VIII) was very much higher; this last fluid having a pronounced inflammatory character and being of recent formation. The absence of notable amounts of the specific urinary constituents is particularly important.(4) Odorous principles are entirely absent. Urinary pigments appear to be present in the four dogs' urines, but absent from the human case,(5) and after the second operation in case of the dogs. It seems fair to assume that the pigments were secreted shortly after the ligation, when the kidneys were still functional, and that they were reabsorbed with extreme slowness. Urea was present in all the fluids, but its quantity was very small in the dogs, and probably in the human case. It is on the whole somewhat greater than in the serum (0.103 per cent., in place of 0.05 per cent.), but the difference may be within the analytical error. The same applies to the ammonia, phosphates and sulphates. An important difference between these fluids on the one hand and blood serum, lymph and ordinary exudate on the other, lies in the higher contents of chlorid, and the consequently greater molecular concentration. The ordinary chlorid content of body fluid varies between 0.55 and 0.70 per cent., mean about 0.6 per cent (as NaCl), while that of the first kidney fluid, in the dogs, varied between 0.68 and 0.75 per cent., mean 0.725 per cent.; that of the human fluid was 0.83 per cent., that of the second fluid of Dog 4 only 0.52 per cent. The depression of the freezing point in the human case was 0.715 degrees C., as against the normal value, for human serum, of 0.491 to 0.562. (Possibly the blood of this patient had a higher concentration than normal, since uraemia existed.) The high chlorid percentage has evidently no relation to the length of time during which the fluid sojourned in the kidney. It is probably to be explained by the relatively slow absorption of this ion from the kidney pelvis. It is also to be remarked that cerebrospinal fluids generally have a somewhat high chlorid content (0.573 and 0.6 per cent.), but this never reaches the height of these ureteral fluids.
1. Both diphtheria and tetanus toxin and their antitoxins arc electro-positive, that is, they pass to the cathode under the influence of an electric current. 2. The character of the charge is not altered by a change in the reaction of the solvent. 3. The combination of toxin and antitoxin would seem to represent not a true chemical reaction but the adsorption of one colloid by another.
1. In the liver of portal cirrhosis there is a far freer communication between the arterial and portal currents than in the normal liver. 2. Factors contributing to the increased portal pressure in portal cirrhosis are (1) the direct communication of the arterial pressure to the portal vessels through dilated capillaries, (2) the larger volume-flow of the hepatic artery in proportion to the portal flow in cirrhosis as compared to that in the normal liver. 3. A portal cirrhotic liver gives passage to an amount of portal fluid proportionate to .its weight. There is no obstruction to the portal vessels from fibrosis in the large portal cirrhotic liver. 4. From an arterial inflow there is a free return flow through the portal as well as through the hepatic veins in both normal and cirrhotic livers. 5. From a portal inflow the return is through the hepatic vein only. The Gad's theory of valves and the arterial capillary network account for this fact. 6. The portal pressure has a decided influence on the arterial volume-flow and vice versa. This influence is more marked in the cirrhotic than in the normal liver. 7. The communication of the arterial pressure to the portal pressure is an important factor in an explanation of the increased portal pressure in portal cirrhosis.
The conclusions I would draw from this work are merely those stated in a former paper. 1. The results obtained by injections of streptococci are different from those produced by Micrococcus rheumaticus. 2. Micrococcus rheumaticus cannot be regarded as an attenuated streptococcus, nor acute rheumatism as an attenuated streptococcal pyaemia. 3. In uncomplicated cases of acute rheumatism the organism may not be found in the blood or in the joint exudates.
The inhibiting action of the blood serum upon the enzyme of the polynuclear leucocytes, leucoprotease, is exerted by the albumin fraction of the serum. The albumin fraction contains no proteolytic enzymes. The globulin fraction of the serum contains no anti-enzyme for leucoprotease; it contains, on the contrary, an enzyme which digests proteids in a neutral or alkaline medium. This enzyme resembles leucoprotease which is present in the polynuclear leucocytes of an inflammatory exudate and in the bone marrow from which these cells are derived, and is doubtless identical with the similar enzyme occurring in smaller quantity in the spleen. This enzyme which is present in the blood serum is held in check by its anti-enzyme, but the latter is in such excess that the serum as a whole is capable of checking the action of leucoprotease when added in considerable quantity. Leucoprotease of one mammalian species is inhibited by sera of other mammalian species, but the anti-enzymotic activity of various sera differs; the anti-enzyme of the rabbit's serum is stronger than that of dog's serum, when tested either with dog's or with rabbit's leucoprotease. The co-existence in the rabbit of leucoprotease with feeble strength and anti-body of great activity may explain the absence in these animals of typical suppuration with liquefaction of tissues. The serum of birds which have been tested, namely, pigeon and hen, almost completely fails to inhibit mammalian leucoprotease (of dog). The polynuclear leucocytes, the bone marrow and the spleen of the hen do not contain an enzyme resembling leucoprotease of mammals. The absence of anti-enzyme in the serum is associated with absence of a corresponding enzyme in the leucocytes.
1. Tetanolysin and antitetanolysin travel toward the cathode under the influence of an electric current. 2. The specific agg-lutinins are electro-positive. 3. The proteid matter of serum is not amphoteric but travels toward the cathode whether its reaction be acid, neutral, or alkaline. 4. The bacteria-agglutinin combination may be disassociated by means of the electric current.
The experiments show merely that blood vessels transplanted from dog to cat can act as arteries for seventy-seven days at least; and that having spent several days in cold storage does not interfere with their ordinary functions. The animals operated upon must, however, be kept under observation for several months, or, indeed, for several years, before any conclusion can be drawn concerning the practicability of this method of preservation and heterotransplantation of blood vessels.
Following the divisions before used, the results presented in the preceding pages may be briefly stated. I. The particular method of sensitization and the place where the test injection is made have an important bearing on the results obtained by various workers. Comparing the results obtained by the various methods, we may conclude that the incubation period of the hypersensitive reaction is not sharply limited, but that there is a progressive increase in sensitiveness from the sixth day, and presumably before that, extending over a period of several weeks. It seems very probable that the degree of hypersensitiveness attained where the sensitizing dose consists of a mixture of diphtheria toxin and serum is greater than when a single dose of the same small quantity of serum is given alone. II. Our early experiments, the first in this field, are in thorough agreement with those first reported by Otto, and shortly after him by Rosenau and Anderson. III. This hypersensitive reaction is transmissible from mother to offspring. The transmission is probably not equally effective in all cases, and individual young guinea-pigs probably vary greatly in the rate with which they lose their ability to react. As a result not all of the young of a hypersensitive mother react to a subcutaneous dose of five cubic centimeters of serum given when they are four or five weeks old. The reaction in the young animals differs quite markedly from that in those actively sensitized. These differences are such as to indicate that in the mother there is a considerable localization of the reaction in tissues and organs whose destruction does not cause sudden death. This local reaction is a protective factor and is not transmitted to the same degree as the factors involved in the fatal acute reaction. IV. The hypersensitive reaction to horse serum depends on the development of a special anti-body during the incubation period, which anti-body may be passively transferred to a fresh animal. If the dose of hypersensitive serum be sufficient, and the intoxicating injection be given directly into the circulation, this passive hypersensitiveness may be enough so that the animal will die when tested. There is also in the serum of hypersensitive guinea-pigs an uneliminated horse serum element or "rest," which is distinct from this antibody, and probably without influence on the course of the acute reaction. V. The anti-body on which the hypersensitive reaction depends may be entirely neutralized by horse serum without causing symptoms. The gradual introduction of increasing doses over a total period of twenty-four hours suffices for this. The animal is then, properly speaking, neither immune nor refractory, but is essentially in the condition of a normal animal which has recently had a large dose of horse serum. This rapid neutralization is made possible by the great binding power which the subcutaneous and other relatively unimportant tissues have for the toxic element of the serum. The so-called "Phenomenon of Arthus" is probably the same reaction for the rabbit that we have here dealt with in the guinea-pig. The fact that the manifestation is more prominently a local one depends on racial differences. I have encountered cases in the guinea-pig in which the conditions in the rabbit are closely simulated.
Sporulation of B. anthracis, B. subtilis, B. cereus, B. ruminatus, B. mesentericus, B. anthracoides and B. megatherium does not take place in an agar medium containing eosin "Gelb" in a concentration exceeding 0.5 per cent. In a concentration of 0.1 per cent. most of these bacteria fail to produce spores. The greatest sensitiveness is shown by B. cereus and B. mesentericus. In a bouillon medium sporulation is likewise inhibited by eosin, but after a longer time-seven weeks or more-sporulation still occurs where the concentration of the dye equals one-tenth per cent. Sporulation of B. tetani, B. anthracis symptomaticus, B. botulismus, B. oedema maligni, B. enteritidis sporogenes, and B. putrificus does not take place in a medium containing eosin "Gelb" in concentrations exceeding 0.03 per cent. With these organisms, no difference was noted in the final effect, depending on the medium employed. No permanent loss of power to produce spores ensues with the bacteria tested even after long sojourn in the eosinized media. It may be stated that on the whole the inhibitory action of eosin was more pronounced upon the anaerobic than upon the aerobic species of bacteria employed in these experiments.
Calcium salts hasten and magnesium salts retard the development of rigor mortis, that is, when these salts are administered subcutaneously or intravenously. When injected intra-arterially, concentrated solutions of both kinds of salts cause nearly an immediate onset of a strong stiffness of the muscles which is apparently a contraction, brought on by a stimulation caused by these salts and due to osmosis. This contraction, if strong, passes over without a relaxation into a real rigor. This form of rigor may be classed as work-rigor (Arbeitsstarre). In animals, at least in frogs, with intact cords, the early contraction and the following rigor are stronger than in animals with destroyed cord. If M/8 solutions-nearly equimolecular to "physiological" solutions of sodium chloride-are used, even when injected intra-arterially, calcium salts hasten and magnesium salts retard the onset of rigor. The hastening and retardation in this case as well as in the cases of subcutaneous and intravenous injections, are ion effects and essentially due to the cations, calcium and magnesium. In the rigor hastened by calcium the effects of the extensor muscles mostly prevail; in the rigor following magnesium injection, on the other hand, either the flexor muscles prevail or the muscles become stiff in the original position of the animal at death. There seems to be no difference in the degree of stiffness in the final rigor, only the onset and development of the rigor is hastened in the case of the one salt and retarded in the other. Calcium hastens also the development of heat rigor. No positive facts were obtained with regard to the effect of magnesium upon heat vigor. Calcium also hastens and magnesium retards the onset of rigor in the left ventricle of the heart. No definite data were gathered with regard to the effects of these salts upon the right ventricle.
Among so many etiological factors, it is impossible to discriminate which are responsible for the complications which took place in our experiments. An attempt to explain the occurrence of nephritis, cedema or calcification of the arterial system, for instance, will not be made, but the technique of the operations will be modified in order to suppress as much as possible the causes which may originate these secondary changes. The purpose of this article was not to analyze minutely the physiological or pathological character of the functions of transplanted kidneys, but merely to ascertain whether these functions are efficiently reëstablished. It is to be concluded that an animal which has undergone a double nephrectomy and the grafting of both kidneys from another animal can secrete almost normal urine with his new organs, and live in good health at least for a few weeks. This demonstrates that it is possible to reëstablish efficiently the functions of transplanted kidneys.
THE CONCLUSIONS TO BE DEDUCED FROM THIS BRIEF SERIES OF EXPERIMENTS ARE AS FOLLOWS: 1. The ophthalmo-tuberculin reaction is of some value for diagnosis of tuberculosis in cattle. A characteristic conjunctivitis with fibrinous exudation coming on from six to eight hours, reaching a maximum in from sixteen to twenty-four hours and disappearing in forty-eight hours, is noted in tubercular animals. 2. The reaction is more pronounced in those animals which have not been recently tested with tuberculin. With this reaction as with the usual tuberculin test one injection and reaction probably inhibit a second reaction during a period from six weeks to a year. The ordinary tuberculin test does not seem to interfere to any great extent with the ophthalmo-tuberculin test at least within four weeks. Class B, though recently tested, showed the reaction, although not to the extent of Class A, which was tested some time ago. The tuberculin test occasionally prevents absolutely a second reaction, and usually no second reaction occurs within six weeks to a year, as before stated. 3. In cattle recently tested with tuberculin by the subcutaneous method the ophthalmo-tuberculin reaction is only slightly reduced in its intensity. The ophthalmic test may possibly serve as a means of diagnosis of tuberculosis in cattle which have been tested with tuberculin by the ordinary method and will not react a second time, or where tuberculin has been injected into cattle in order that they may clear a second test. Another possibility must not be overlooked in this connection. It is well known that animals which have a slight tubercular infection often show a very marked and typical reaction to the tuberculin test as it is usually made, and those animals which show themselves clinically to be in the advanced stages of tuberculosis often show only a very slight reaction. The animals in Class B are in the advanced stages of tuberculosis and this fact might perhaps account for the lower intensity of the reaction. The exact cause of the lower reaction in these cattle can only be determined by further experimentation. 4. No constitutional disturbance being noticed in any of the cattle tested, that is, no rise in temperature, loss of appetite or falling off in the production of milk, it is evident that the instillation of tuberculin into the eye does not produce the general reaction which attends in some cases the subcutaneous injection of tuberculin, and is therefore decidedly advantageous. The exudate disappears and leaves the eye perfectly normal in forty-eight hours after injection. 5. If the ophthalmo-tuberculin test proves as efficacious as the foregoing experiments seem to indicate we have in it a comparatively rapid and easy means of diagnosing tuberculosis in cattle. Such being the case the method cannot fail to come into general use superseding the present laborious method of applying the test. Cattle can be injected and then inspected sixteen to twenty-four hours afterward. There are many problems in connection with the reaction which must necessarily be studied. The following are a few of the propositions: 1. Is it possible to tell by the reaction how far the tubercular process has progressed in the body? 2. Is there any relationship between the intensity of the reaction and the number and severity of the tubercular lesions? 3. Will the test prove to be more accurate than the ordinary tuberculin test which is said to reveal all but four per cent. of the cases ? 4. Will the test reveal tuberculosis after a subcutaneous tuberculin injection? 5. Will animals react a second time if the first tuberculin is placed in the eye and the second given by the ordinary subcutaneous method and conversely? These and many more points must be thoroughly investigated before the efficiency of the test is proven. The opththalmo-tuberculin test will be repeated on other cattle, and also on the cattle used in these experiments. Experiments are being made to determine the efficiency of the cutaneous tuberculin reaction in cattle. We wish in this paper to give only the preliminary findings.
1. The lymph of the thoracic duct furnishes to the blood a larger proportion than is usually supposed of the lymphocytes in circulation. Gross variations in its output of such cells must affect very considerably the blood picture. 2. The quantity of lymphocytes supplied through the thoracic duct of the healthy dog remains practically constant from hour to hour, if the physiological conditions are not notably changed. Transient change in physiological conditions may alter the output of cells, but with the disappearance of this change the output tends to resume its previous rate. These facts indicate that the tissues producing lymphocytes are "set" at a rate of activity definite in the individual. 3. Muscular activity (struggle) produces a prompt increase in the output of lymphocytes through the thoracic duct. (a) This is assured by the presence of an increased number of cells per cubic millimeter of lymph, combined with an increase in the amount of lymph voided. (b) The lymphocyte-output may be tripled or quadrupled during a long-continued struggle. (c) Following prolonged struggle the output of lymphocytes is for a short time less than previous to the exertion. 4. The increased lymph-flow caused by a lymphagogue of the second class (glucose) brings with it increased output of lymphocytes through the thoracic duct. (a) The individual cubic millimeters of lymph are often poor in cells, during the rapid lymph-flow, yet the total number of elements transported is large. (b) The results with glucose support the theory of Ehrlich, that a rapidly appearing lymphocytosis may be produced through the flushing effect of increased lymph-flow. 5. A comparison of the effects of struggle with those of glucose demonstrates that in the former some factor besides increase in lymph-flow per se (Ehrlich) works to cause the large output of lymphocytes. The nature of this factor has not yet been determined. 6. The variations caused by muscular exertion and by increased lymph-flow in the number of lymphocytes coursing through the thoracic duct are so pronounced as to suggest that the total number of lymphocytes in circulation must be considerably influenced by them. Clinical findings by other observers indicate that this is true; and the clinical findings themselves become much simpler of interpretation. 7. The results in general prove the existence, reserved from circulation, of a large fund of lymphocytes, which is quickly yielded to the blood under certain physiological conditions.
Positive results have been obtained in but a single set of experiments, namely those in which turpentine was employed. In so far as the results of this preliminary study go, one is led to the conclusion that thrombosis is most readily induced when active inflammatory lesions exist in the blood vessels, associated, probably in most instances, with secondary degenerative changes. Purely mechanical lesions are much less apt to be productive of conditions favorable to thrombosis as a sequence of phlebitis. Marked artificial increase or decrease in the coagulation time of the blood by the use of calcium lactate or citric acid, does not render animals abnormally prone to thrombosis incited by changes other than inflammatory. When true phlebitis exists, thrombosis is apt to be more extensive and less readily resolved, when the coagulation point of the blood has been shortened by the use of calcium lactate, and it is less extensive and more quickly absorbed when the coagulation time has been increased by the administration of citric acid. Experiments as yet incomplete appear to suggest that the increasing in rapidity or slowing of the general circulatory stream has but little bearing on the production of thrombosis in phlebitis, much less, indeed, than clinical and anatomical observations have generally led us to think. We have also been led to suspect that the presence or absence of anastomoses of abundant degree is largely concerned as a factor in determining the location and extent of thrombosis in phlebitis.
In view of theoretical deductions and the positive results obtained in the above experiments, it would seem probable that the production of waxy degeneration depends upon the action of lactic acid which is formed by the living muscle under the stimulation of infecting bacteria or their toxins, the formation of large amounts of lactic acid and its accumulation being perhaps favored by defective circulation through the injured muscle. The hyaline transformation of muscle acted upon by lactic acid is analogous to the swelling of fibrin placed in dilute acids. This view is supported by both negative and positive experimental evidence-the negative evidence being that simple anemic necrosis, aseptic or antiseptic autolysis whether in vivo or in vitro, or the action of bacteria of various sorts on muscle in vitro, are all incapable of causing changes in muscle cells resembling those characteristic of waxy or hyaline degeneration of striated muscle. The positive evidence consists in the demonstration that lactic acid, even in dilutions comparable to the amounts that can be formed in living muscle, can produce a similar or identical waxy transformation of the striated muscle fibers, both in vitro and in vivo; and also the observation that muscles stimulated to exhaustion, under which condition lactic acid is known to accumulate in the muscle, show microscopically changes identical with those of Zenker's waxy degeneration.
1. Tetany occurs spontaneously in many forms and may also be produced by the destruction of the parathyroid glands. Recent researches tend to demonstrate an intimate relation between the various forms of tetany and relative or absolute insufficiency of the parathyroid gland. 2. The parathyroid glands are independent organs with definite specific function. Whether or not this function is intimately related to that of other organs of internal secretion is not as yet proven. 3. The number and distribution of the parathyroid glands varies. Failure to produce tetany experimentally is probably due to the fact that some parathyroid tissue remains after an apparently complete extirpation. When extirpation is complete tetany appears, even in herbivora. Only a very small amount of parathyroid tissue is required to prevent this. 4. The effect of the extirpation of the parathyroid glands may be annulled by the reintroduction of an extract of these glands even from an animal of widely different character. The active principle is associated with a nucleo-proteid in the extract and may be separated with this nucleo-proteid from the remaining inert albuminous substances. Its effect in counteracting tetany appears some hours after injection and lasts several days. 5. The parathyroid glands contain no considerable amount of iodine. The parathyroid extract is not an iodine containing compound. 6. In tetany there is apparently some disturbance of the composition of the circulating fluids ordinarily prevented by the secretion of the parathyroid, which disarranges the balance of the mineral constituents of the tissues. Possibly this consists in the appearance of an injurious substance of an acid nature for such tetany may he relieved by extensive bleeding with replacement of the blood by salt solution. No actual poisonous material has, however, been demonstrated by the transference of the blood of a tetanic animal to the veins of a normal one. 7. Numerous researches have shown the important relation of the calcium salts to the excitability of the central nervous system. Their withdrawal leaves the nerve cells in a state of hyperexcitability which can be made to disappear by supplying them with a solution of a calcium salt. 8. Tetany may be regarded as an expression of hyperexcitability of the nerve cells from some such cause. 9. The injection of a solution of a salt of calcium into the circulation of an animal in tetany promptly checks all the symptoms and restores the animal to an apparently normal condition. 10. Injections of magnesium salts probably have a similar effect but these effects are masked by the toxic action of the salt. 11. The injection of sodium or potassium salts has no such beneficial effect but rather tends to intensify the symptoms. This is true also of the alkaline salts of sodium which were studied especially in respect to their basic properties. 12. The effect of calcium is of value in human therapeutics in combating the symptoms of spontaneous forms of tetany and in relieving the symptoms in cases of operative tetany and thus tiding over the period of acute parathyroid insufficiency until remnants of parathyroid tissue can recover their function or new parathyroid tissue can be transplanted. It is in this way an important and convenient ally of the method of injecting parathyroid extract. 13. Studies of the metabolism in parathyroidectomized animals show: 1. A marked reduction in the calcium content of the tissues especially of the blood and brain, during tetany. 2. An increased output of calcium in the urine and faeces on the development of tetany. 3. An increased output of nitrogen in the urine. 4. An increased output of ammonia in the urine with 4a. an increased ammonia ratio in the urine. 5. An increased amount of ammonia in the blood. Much of this affords evidence of the existence of some type of acid intoxication. Its effects are, however, not neutralized by the introduction of alkaline sodium salts and may perhaps be regarded as especially important in producing a drainage of calcium salts from the tissues which can be remedied by the reintroduction of calcium salts. 14. Emphasis must be laid upon the remarkable difference which exists between the alterations inmetabolism following thyroidectomy and those following parathyroidectomy. In myxoedema there is lowered metabolism, decreased respiratory changes and lowered nitrogen output with depression of body temperature. In tetany there is increased metabolism, probably increased respiratory changes, certainly increase in nitrogen output and elevation of the temperature. 15. It is important, therefore, that in any experiments upon metabolism in relation to the thyroid and parathyroid gland, these glands should be clearly distinguished as structures exercising very different and in large part contrary effects upon metabolism. 16. In general the role of the calcium salts in connection with tetany may be conceived of as follows: These salts have a moderating influence upon the nerve cells. The parathyroid secretion in some way controls the calcium exchange in the body. It may possibly be that in the absence of the parathyroid secretion, substances arise which can combine with calcium, abstract it from the tissues and cause its excretion and that the parathyroid secretion prevents the appearance of such bodies. The mechanism of the parathyroid action is not determined, but the result, the impoverishment of the tissues with respect to calcium and the consequent development of hyperexcitability of the nerve cells, and tetany is proven. Only the restoration of calcium to the tissues can prevent this. 17. This explanation is readily applicable to spontaneous forms of tetany in which there is a drain of calcium for physiological purposes, or in which some other condition causes a drain of calcium. In such cases the parathyroid glands may be relatively insufficient.
A Gram-negative streptococcus is associated with one form of fatal septicemia arising naturally in Macacus rhesus confined in laboratories. This streptococcus differs from Streptococcus pyogenes in its behavior to Gram's method of staining; in its slight fermentative powers; in the persistence of vitality for a very long time in its cultures; in its high degree of pathogenicity for certain lower animals; and in the preservation of its virulence undiminished for many months when cultivated upon artificial media. In the present state of our knowledge this streptococcus must be considered as not identical with any streptococcus heretofore described.
1. The autotransplantation of parathyroid glandules into the thyroid gland and behind the musculus rectus abdominis has been successful in sixty-one per cent. of the cases in which a deficiency greater than one-half has been created. 2. In no instance has the autotransplantation succeeded without the creation of such deficiency. 3. Isotransplantation has been uniformly unsuccessful. 4. Parathyroid tissue transplanted in excess of what is urgently required by the organism has not lived. 5. One parathyroid autograft may suffice to maintain the animal in good health and spirits for many months and possibly for years. 6. Excised or deprived of their blood supply in the course of operation upon the human subject, parathyroid glands should, in the present state of our knowledge, be grafted, and probably into the thyroid gland. 7. Complete excision of the thyroid lobes in dogs may be well borne for a year or more. The myxoedema which usually has manifested itself within a few weeks has not increased after the first few months. May it subsequently diminish with the hypertrophy of accessory thyroids? 8. Parathyroid tissue is essential to the life of dogs, as has been conclusively proved by the result of excision of the sole, sustaining graft. There may be found, perhaps, in our experiments, explanation of the fact observed by others (Enderlen, Payr) that, when transplanted, thyroid preserves its integrity less well than parathyroid tissue. In the instances recorded the amount of thyroid gland excised may have been insufficient to make possible the fullest success of the transplantation; and particularly so when we consider the extent of the hypertrophy of which the thyroid gland seems capable.
1. The inhibiting action of urine on catalase depends to a great extent on its reaction. The urine of a nephritic has no greater inhibiting power than normal urine provided the reaction of urines tested is neutral. 2. The catalytic activity of a single rabbit's blood is constant from day to day. 3. There is considerable variation in the catalytic action of the blood of different rabbits. 4. Following ligation of the ureters the catalytic activity of the blood gradually decreases; the tissues of an animal which has died as a result of ligation of the ureters show a decided decrease in catalytic activity, when compared with those of normal animals. 5. Following bilateral nephrectomy the same decline of the catalytic action of the blood is observed as after bilateral ligation of ureters. 6. Following unilateral nephrectomy the catalytic activity of the blood may temporarily fall and then rise above its previous level, or it may fall continuously. Wherever the continuous fall occurs the animal dies. 7. When the kidneys are allowed to function but the urine is drained into the peritoneal cavity there is no change in the catalytic activity of the tissues post-mortem but a marked rise in the catalytic activity of the blood accompanies the resulting peritonitis. 8. The same rise in the catalytic activity of the blood is obtained in experimental bacterial peritonitis. This might be of diagnostic importance in determining early inflammations of the peritoneum. 9. A kidney functioning normally changes substances circulating in the blood into urinary products devoid of any influence on catalase. If the kidney cannot effect this change, these substances remain unaltered in the circulating blood and by their presence inhibit the catalytic activity of the blood and organs. 10. Nephritis (Uranium Nitrate).-A. In acute nephritis there is a marked decrease in the catalytic activity of the blood and of the tissues post-mortem. The decrease in the catalytic activity of the blood may vary directly with the amount of urine excreted. B. With the onset of uraemia the catalytic activity of the blood decreases markedly and follows in a general way the urinary findings, especially the total amount of urine. If the animal recovers the catalase gradually rises. C. Although the catalytic activity of a normal rabbit's blood is constant from day to day, the activity of blood from a rabbit in which an experimental nephritis has been produced oscillates markedly. The catalytic activity of the blood may under certain conditions indicate the functional sufficiency of the kidneys much more accurately than the urinary findings.
The bacillus of Bordet and Gengou is present in the sputum in early cases of pertussis, and in the lungs at autopsy in fatal cases of the disease. After the second week it is not present in the sputum in sufficiently large numbers to be readily isolated. The influenza bacillus is found at as early a stage of pertussis as is the Bordet-Gengou bacillus, and it persists in the sputum for a longer time. The agglutinins in the blood of pertussis patients are not more regular and not always higher for the Bordet-Gengou bacillus than for B. influenzae. The two organisms are culturally distinct and their action on laboratory animals different. Complement deviation tests with the serum of immunized rabbits show a further difference in the immune bodies produced by the two varieties of bacilli. The negative results of the complement deviation tests with the patients' serum in this study, compared with the positive results of similar tests made by Bordet and Gengou, I am not able to account for. This study has contributed support to the view that the Bordet-Gengou bacillus is the possible cause of pertussis, but it has not produced any distinctively new evidence of this relationship beyond the proof of the wide dissemination of the peculiar bacillus in nature and its occurrence in pertussis. A study of bronchial secretions in other acute diseases of the respiratory tract for the bacillus has not yet been extensively made and is called for. I shall hope to report on this phase of the subject at another time.
1. Under certain conditions, general autolysis does not begin immediately upon the removal of the organ from its circulation. This latent period is more apt to be present in those cases in which the tissues have been temporarily cooled on account of the use of a cold saline diluent or in which the percentage concentration of the inorganic salts (calcium or potassium), of the tissues have been changed by dilution with a sodium chloride solution. The presence of blood and absence of fats and of glycogen in the cells act as important factors in prolonging the latent period. 2. Attempts to produce an alkaline reaction (phenolphthalein) in the tissue resulted negatively. Solutions of disodium hydrogen phosphate and of sodium bicarbonate when added to the liver tissues gave a mixture which was acid to phenolphthalein and had no apparent effect upon autolysis. 3. The addition of antiseptics-chloroform and toluol-markedly decreased the rate of autolysis. Ordinary light produced no effect. 4. Ethyl butyrate when added to the tissue became hydrolysed into butyric acid; the formation of this acid in the mixture caused a decided acceleration in the autolytic rate. The acidity of a solution of dihydrogen sodium phosphate failed to produce a similar result. 5. The figures for the changes in the depression of the freezing-point, non-coaguable nitrogen and reaction of the autolytic mixture do not parallel one another. In some experiments a marked increase in the depression of the freezing-point was unaccompanied by augmentation of non-coagulable nitrogen. 6. General autolysis is the sum total of proteolytic, amylolytic and lipolytic factors. Each of these autolytic factors may proceed alone for a time; the rate of one is decidedly influenced by the presence or absence of the others. The acid products which are the result of amylolytic (lactic acid) and of lipolytic (higher fatty acids) autolysis, exert a pronounced augmentative effect upon the commencement and rate of nitrogenous autolysis.
1. The high value in respect to complement-binding exhibited by blood sera from syphilitics and spinal fluids from general paralytics is associated with an excessively high content of globulin, but there does not exist a direct quantitative relation between the two. Cases of secondary syphilis which have been under prolonged and proper medication do not exhibit the globulin increase and usually fail to give the Wassermann reaction. The active substances entering into the Wassermann reaction are precipitable with the globulin and chiefly with the euglobulin fraction of the fluids. 2. Temperatures of 70 degrees to 76 degrees C. destroy the active substances. Exposed to sunlight the active substances deteriorate slowly. A photodynamic substance such as eosin, under the direct influence of the sun, brings about their complete and rapid destruction. This effect does not occur in the dark. The active substances are subject to tryptic and peptic digestion and are destroyed by weak acids and alkalies. 3. The active substances in the blood sera and spinal fluids cannot be separated from them or from the globulin precipitate by alcohol. 4. There are contained in the alcoholic extracts of normal and syphilitic blood and organs certain acetone-soluble lipoids which possess high antigenic values for the Wasserman reaction. Cholesterin is inactive and the bile salts less active than the lipoidal bodies. 5. Sodium cholate is about as active as sodium taurocholate and glycocholate, but neurin and cholin are inactive.
The foregoing and earlier data taken together demonstrate that an active immunity lasting several years can be produced in guinea-pigs, by the injection of toxin-antitoxin mixtures which have no recognizable harmful effect either immediate or remote. They also show, what might have been anticipated, that under the same conditions mixtures which produce local lesions and which, therefore, contain an excess of toxin produce a much higher degree of immunity than the neutral mixtures, and that an excess of antitoxin reduces the possibility of producing an active immunity, and may extinguish it altogether. There is, therefore, a certain definite relation between the components of the mixture and the degree of immunity producible. Furthermore, toxin-antitoxin mixtures do not change materially within five days at room temperature. They are apparently more efficacious at the end of forty-eight hours than immediately after preparation. The experiments finally prove that a relatively high degree of active immunity can be induced by a harmless procedure, whereas the use of toxin alone leading to very severe local lesions is incapable of producing more than an insignificant protection. The method, therefore, invites further tests in regard to its ultimate applicability to the human being. Unless the subcutis of the guinea-pig reacts to toxin-antitoxin mixtures in a manner peculiar to itself, a practical, easily controlled method for active immunization can be worked out which should afford a larger protection than the serum alone and avoid the complications associated with horse serum. That proportion of toxin and antitoxin which would produce the highest desirable immunity consistent with the least discomfort would have to be carefully worked out for the human subject. From the nature of the immunity induced it is obvious, however, that such a method of immunization cannot take the place of a large dose of antitoxin in exposed individuals who must be protected at once. It would be applicable only as a general protective measure without reference to any immediate danger, since it would take several weeks, perhaps longer, to perfect the attainable immunity. Passing to the theoretical aspects of the facts observed, we find no publications bearing directly upon the subject before us. Madsen has, however, approached it very closely in his experiments on the immunization of animals with mixtures not fully balanced, or, in other words, in which the "toxones" were still free. He found that the injection of such mixtures in rabbits, goats and horses produces an active immunity. He makes the significant remark that perhaps in the immunizing capacity we may possess the keenest reagent for a poison which is not able to exert any toxic action in the body. This is fully borne out by the experiments described, for in these we pass beyond the visible spectrum, so to speak, of the toxin-antitoxin effects, and we are able to recognize toxic action only by the lasting immunizing effects. Another publication which touches upon some phases of the same problem is that of Morgenroth on the union between toxin and antitoxin. Morgenroth brought out the fact that a given toxin-antitoxin mixture is more toxic when injected directly into the circulation than when injected under the skin. Thus, an L(+) dose of 0.78 c.c. toxin + one unit antitoxin applied subcutaneously was of the same toxicity as 0.68 c.c. toxin + one unit antitoxin injected into the circulation. When the mixture had stood twenty-four hours this (L(+)) dose was still 0.78 c.c. subcutaneously, but it had risen to 0.74 c.c. when introduced by the intracardiac route. The author makes two deductions from these results. He assumes that the velocity of reaction between toxin and antitoxin is slow, and that the union is not completed until the mixture has stood twenty-four hours. Hence, the L(+) dose of toxin injected into the blood is higher after twenty-four hours than immediately after mixing the toxin and antitoxin. He furthermore explains the fact that the subcutaneous L(+) dose remains the same whether the mixture is injected at once or after twenty-four hours, by assuming that in the subcutis of the guinea-pig there is a catalytic acceleration of the union of toxin and antitoxin. In view of the writer's results it seems that not only immediately, but four to five days after the preparation of the mixture of toxin and antitoxin, there are still toxic substances available for the production of immunity in the body of the guinea-pig, when the dose of toxin in the mixture is far below the L(0) or neutral level. These toxins may be free, either because uncombined in vitro, or else because the mixture is partially dissociated in vivo, or there may be a third possibility. It is obvious that Morgenroth's investigations, however extensive and thorough, have not exhausted the subject, for both these inferences are incompatible with his. Perhaps his recent important studies on the recovery of toxin from its combination with antitoxin with weak acids may throw more light on this subject. The only conclusion which we may safely draw at this time is that the toxin-antitoxin mixture produces two sets of effects, essentially identical, however. One is visible, as injury (oedema, loss of hair, superficial and deep necrosis of skin, paralysis and death), and corresponds to the toxin spectrum of Ehrlich. The other is invisible and manifests itself only in degrees of active immunity. At what ratio of toxin to antitoxin in the mixture active immunity is no longer produced will vary somewhat with the guinea-pig used, but it is evident that traces of immunity are still transmitted to the young when the amount of toxin approaches half the L(0) dose.
With the return of the circulation, dilation of the pericellular lymph space and slight swelling of the cell body occurs, disappearing as recovery progresses. Chromatolysis, as evidenced by poor affinity for stains, clumping, diffuse staining, and breaking into dust-like particles, induced by anaemia, is not necessarily fatal. Death of the cell is not shown histologically when tissue is removed and fixed immediately after the experiment. Some time must elapse for the detection of the vacuolation, displacement of the nucleus and solution of the chromatic substance, indicative of profound changes. Neurones from different regions as well as neurones of the same region differ in degree of resistance to anaemia. The small pyramidal cells are the most susceptible, and then come the Purkinje cells, cells of the medulla oblongata, retina, cervical cord, lumbar cord, spinal ganglia and, most resistant of all, the sympathetic ganglion cells. Failure to resuscitate animals after anaemia of the central nervous system is probably due to the destruction of many of the cells of the vital centers (vaso-motor and respiratory) which do not have histological peculiarities by which they may be defined. Death, however, of a few cells of any center does not necessarily mean the total loss of function of that center, since the remaining cells may be sufficient to discharge the function of the center.
1. Anatomical lesions of the pancreas occur in more than seven-eighths of all cases of diabetes mellitus. 2. In diabetes associated with lesions of the pancreas, the islands of Langerhans constantly show pathological changes (sclerosis, hyaline degeneration, infiltration with leucocytes and hypertrophy). 3. In some cases of pancreatic diabetes (twelve of ninety cases) the lesion of the pancreas is limited to the islands of Langerhans. 4. In sixteen cases of diabetes associated with hyaline degeneration of the islands of Langerhans the average duration of the disease has been three and a half years; in forty-six cases with sclerosis of these bodies, three years and eleven months. In six cases of diabetes associated with an infiltration of leucocytes about the islands of Langerhans the average duration has been eleven months. 5. Destructive lesions of the islands of Langerhans may be associated with compensatory hypertrophy of other interacinar islands. 6. Peculiar adenoma-like hypertrophy of the islands of Langerhans occurs in a small proportion of cases (seven of ninety) and may be associated with adenomata of the thyroid gland (two cases) and of the pituitary body (one case). 7. Diabetes mellitus occurring in association with haemochromatosis (bronzed diabetes) is referable to pigmentation and destruction of the islands of Langerhans. 8. The pancreas is found to exhibit no pathological changes in twelve per cent. of cases. In approximately one-half of these cases it has been noted that the size of the gland or the number of islands is much less than normal. 9. Fifty per cent. of cases of diabetes mellitus occurring before the age of thirty years are associated with lesions of the pancreas; seventy-five per cent. of all cases of diabetes in which the pancreas is normal occur before the age of thirty years. Ninety-seven per cent. of cases of diabetes occurring after the age of thirty years are associated with lesions of the pancreas; and eighty-six per cent. occur in association with chronic interacinar pancreatitis accompanying arteriosclerosis. 10. Interacinar pancreatitis which occurs in seventy-three per cent. of all cases of diabetes is almost constantly associated with arteriosclerosis: gangrene of the extremities, which occurs with one-fourth of all cases of interacinar pancreatitis, is doubtless referable to the same cause. 11. Chronic interlobular pancreatitis, when associated with diabetes, is accompanied by sclerosis or hyaline degeneration of the islands of Langerhans. 12. Diabetes in association with myxoedema or with exophthalmic goiter may be referable to a lesion of the pancreas, namely, chronic interacinar inflammation with sclerosis of the islands of Langerhans; diabetes in association with acromegaly may be referable to a lesion of the islands of Langerhans, namely, sclerosis and hyaline degeneration with adenoma-like hypertrophy.
1. The secretion of urine and the elimination of fluid through the intestinal canal which are caused by the intravenous injection of solution of 0.85 per cent. sodium chloride are decreased by the addition of calcium chloride to the sodium chloride solution. The secretion of urine is more markedly inhibited than is the elimination of fluid through the intestines. 2. In contradistinction to the decreased elimination of fluid through the kidneys and intestines, addition of calcium chloride to the sodium chloride solution increases markedly the transudation of fluid into the peritoneal cavity. To a certain degree the urine and ascites may be said to increase in an inverse proportion. 3. Although calcium chloride inhibits both absorption from and secretion into the intestines it seems to decrease the secretion more markedly than the absorption. 4. The action of calcium chloride in increasing the ascitic fluid is a double one: first, by diminishing the amount of urine secreted: secondly, by increasing the ascites independently of its action on the kidneys. The latter may be a direct action on the endothelial cells of the peritoneal cavity: this, however, must be determined by further investigations. 5. Addition of calcium chloride to the infused fluids increases the tendency to the occurrence of edema of the lungs. 6. Infusion of large quantities of fluid into animals dilutes the blood, but this dilution seems to be carried only to a certain degree- about 30 per cent.-and to be independent of the chemical character of the solution and of the function of the kidneys. 7. The presence or absence of the kidneys has a marked influence on the intestinal and ascitic fluids. When the averages of ascitic and intestinal fluids per 1,000 c.c. of retained fluid in non-nephrectomized animals and these fluids per 1,000 c.c. of infused fluid in nephrectomized animals are compared, more fluid is found in the case of the nephrectomized animals. This fact can only be explained in part by the shorter time necessary for the same amount of fluid to be retained in the case of the nephrectomized animals. Nephrectomy causes an increase of the ascites and the intestinal fluids through a mechanism which will have to be investigated by means of further experiments.
IN NORMAL ANIMALS (DOGS, CATS AND RABBITS) WHICH WERE KILLED BY EXSANGUINATION, THE BEGINNING OF RIGOR IN PRACTICALLY ALL CASES WAS SEPARATED FROM RESPIRATORY DEATH BY TWO WELL CHARACTERIZED PERIODS: (1) a period of pulsation during which each ventricle still exhibited some spontaneous contractions, and (2) a period of relaxation during which the ventricles, while showing neither spontaneous contractions nor rigor, are more relaxed than in normal diastole, and during which the ventricles gradually lose their irritability. (The cardiac rigor or tonic contraction which was observed by recent investigators to set in immediately after death is an artificial phenomenon produced by filling the heart with saline and connecting it with a manometer.) In the right ventricle both periods are longer than in the left ventricle, i. e., rigor sets in later. Moreover the development of rigor from onset to maximum is also longer in the right ventricle than in the left, although here the difference is less striking. The stopping of spontaneous beating, the disappearance of irritability, and the development of rigor, manifest in both ventricles a topographical progress from the base toward the apex, i. e., the stoppage of beating, the disappearance of irritability and the setting in of rigor occur first at the uppermost part of the ventricle and last at the lowest point of the ventricle. It often occurred that rigor was already present in the basal part of a ventricle while the apex was still beating. It is probable also that the loss of vital activity and irritability and the development of rigor progress topographically from the endocardial to the epicardial surfaces. Prolonged etherization retards the onset, but hastens the development of rigor; atropinization hastens both onset and development. Repeated prolonged stoppages of the heart caused by antemortem (and postmortem) stimulations of the pneumogastric nerves hasten the onset as well as the development of rigor of the heart. All three periods are affected by the inhibitory influence of the stimulation, the period of relaxation, however, seems to be the one which is shortened most. The most probable interpretation of this phenomenon is the assumption that it is caused by an asphyxiation of the cardiac tissues. The stimulations of the pneumogastric nerves seem to hasten also the onset of the general rigor-probably this, too, is the result of some premature asphyxiation of the skeletal muscles.
1. The hook worm of man-both the Old and New World types-contains a weak hemolytic agent active in vitro. It is soluble in salt solution, is easily destroyed by heat and acts slowly. 2. The hemolysin is present in all parts of the worm and probably is associated with the intestinal tract. 3. The hook worm of the dog contains a similar hemolysin. 4. These hemolysins are not specific, but will act on human blood as well as on that of the dog and rat. They are only demonstrable in concentrated extracts. 5. Concentrated extracts of the human whip worm may be hemolytic to some bloods. 6. The round worm of man contains no hemolytic principle in any part of its body. 7. It seems very unlikely that this weak hemolysin found in the hook worm can have any relation to the anemia of uncinariasis. 8. Study of the "blood cysts" in the human intestine shows that the hook worm may live in a small amount of the host's blood for days without causing any marked hemolysis.
THE FOLLOWING INFERENCES MAY BE MADE FROM THE FOREGOING STUDY: 1. The lesions resulting from fat starvation, at least in the case of pigs, do not resemble or even suggest those of rickets. 2. Prolonged fat starvation leads to the entire disappearance of fat from the adipose tissues. The form of fat atrophy observed as the result of experimental fat starvation corresponds to the serous fat atrophy described by Flemming, and is essentially the same type of fat atrophy as that found in the epicardial and perirenal fat in the human subject as the result of wasting disease. 3. The. lecithins of the brain and the fat of the liver are not materially reduced by fat starvation. 4. Fat starvation does not lead to advanced serous fat atrophy of the subcutaneous fat if the animal be given a large excess of carbohydrate food or a considerable excess of the carbohydrate and proteid constituents of milk. 5. Fat starvation causes a very imperfect absorption of the salts of P(2)O(5) from the intestine.
TO SUMMARIZE, WE HAVE BEEN ABLE TO DEMONSTRATE: (1) In a case of acute trichinosis an extensive leucocytosis, with great absolute and relative increase in the number of eosinophilic cells in the blood, associated with a coincident decrease in the quantity of neutrophilic elements. (2) From the examination of specimens of muscle removed during life, besides the peculiar degenerations of the muscle, a longitudinal splitting of some of the fibres; a remarkable transverse splitting of others; a great proliferation of nuclei, about many of which vacuoles are seen; and large numbers of polymorphonuclear eosinophilic cells, which are especially prevalent in the more degenerated areas. (3) In a second case (after death), besides similar changes in the muscle, large numbers of eosinophiles throughout the infested portion. (4) In two other cases, during life, a great increase of the eosinophilic cells in the blood, with a coincident decrease of the polymorphonuclear neutrophiles, associated with leucocytosis, though of less extent than in the first case. (5) In pieces of muscle removed in these last two cases changes in most respects similar to those cited in the first case, but of less degree. (6) The similar character of the nuclei of the eosinophiles and the neutrophiles both in the blood and in the muscle, and the presence in the first case of certain cells which might be regarded as forms transitional between neutrophiles and eosinophiles, suggesting the possibility that the increase in the latter elements may, in these instances, take place in the muscles by direct transition from the neutrophiles.
(1) Typhoid bacilli were demonstrated in the urines of 9 out of 38 typhoid patients (about 25 per cent). 172 specimens were examined with 44 positive results. (2) The bacilli, when demonstrated, were always present in large numbers and in practically pure culture. (3) The bacilli appeared first in the later stages of the disease and persisted in the great majority of cases far into convalescence. The urines of typhoid patients should, therefore, not only be rigidly disinfected during the disease, but they should also be carefully supervised during convalescence. (4) The typhoid bacilli were practically always associated with albuminuria and the presence of renal casts. On the other hand urines containing considerable amounts of albumin and casts in large numbers often showed no typhoid bacilli. (5) Irrigation of the bladder with antiseptic solutions offers a possible means for removing permanently the bacilli from the urine.
The conclusion seems warranted that the giant cells formed in the absorption of coagulated blood serum inserted into the anterior chamber of the rabbit's eye subdivide again into uninuclear small cells that take part with other new-formed cells derived from the lining of this space to form a densely fibrillated mass of tissue that resembles quite closely the cornea in its structure. This demonstration materially strengthens the opinion expressed by the writer in his previous article in this Journal,* that the giant cells in healing non-degenerated tuberculous tissue may separate into small living cells, and that the giant cells of tuberculosis are not necrobiotic elements from the very moment and from the very mode of their formation, as has been the general teaching, especially in Germany.
The typhoid bacillus produces a mild diffusible toxine, partly within the intestinal tract, partly within the blood and organs of the body. This toxine produces proliferation of endothelial cells which acquire for a certain length of time malignant properties. The new-formed cells are epithelioid in character, have irregular, lightly staining, eccentrically situated nuclei, abundant, sharply defined, acidophilic protoplasm, and are characterized by marked phagocytic properties. These phagocytic cells are produced most abundantly along the line of absorption from the intestinal tract, both in the lymphatic apparatus and in the blood-vessels. They are also produced by distribution of the toxine through the general circulation, in greatest numbers where the circulation is slowest. Finally, they are produced all over the body in the lymphatic spaces and vessels by absorption of the toxine eliminated from the blood-vessels. The swelling of the intestinal lymphoid tissue of the mesenteric lymph nodes, and of the spleen is due almost entirely to the formation of phagocytic cells. The necrosis of the intestinal lymphoid tissue is accidental in nature and is caused through occlusion of the veins and capillaries by fibrinous thrombi, which owe their origin to degeneration of phagocytic cells beneath the lining endothelium of the vessels. Two varieties of focal lesions occur in the liver: one consists of the formation of phagocytic cells in the lymph spaces and vessels around the portal vessels under the action of the toxine absorbed by the lymphatics; the other is due to obstruction of liver capillaries by phagocytic cells derived in small part from the lining endothelium of the liver capillaries, but chiefly by embolism through the portal circulation of cells originating from the endothelium of the blood-vessels of the intestine and spleen. The liver cells lying between the occluded capillaries undergo necrosis and disappear. Later the foci of cells degenerate and fibrin forms between them. Invasion with polymorphonuclear leucocytes is rare. Many of the phagocytic cells pass through the liver and lungs, and get into the general circulation. A few come from the abdominal lymphatics through the thoracic duct.
(a). The bacillus isolated by me from the outbreak of choleraic diarrhoea corresponds closely in all essential particulars with that of European chicken cholera. (b). It differs, consequently, from that isolated from previous outbreaks of choleraic diarrhoea in the United States. (c). A study of the acid production by this and allied bacilli would seem to show that the amount of acid produced by so variable a microbe varies greatly and is incapable of affording a further means of distinguishing between allied forms.
Acute interstitial nephritis is found in the infectious diseases of children, particularly in diphtheria and scarlet fever, but may be met with in other infectious diseases. The disease is characterized by general and focal infiltration of the interstitial tissue of the kidney with cells which correspond to those which Unna has described under the name of plasma cells. The focal character of the infiltration is marked; even in the cases in which all parts of the kidney show some interstitial cellular infiltration the cells are most abundant in certain foci. These foci are found in three places: in the boundary zone of the pyramids, in the sub-capsular region of the cortex, and around the glomeruli. A considerable number of cases is found in which the blood-vessels of the boundary zone of the pyramids contain nnmbers of lymphoid and plasma cells without any infiltration of the interstitial tissue. The new cells in the interstitial tissue are due to emigration from the blood-vessels and multiplication by mitotic division of the cells which have emigrated. The cells can emigrate as plasma. cells or as lymphoid cells, and the latter may change into plasma cells in the tissues. In the normal individual, plasma cells may be formed in the mucous membrane of the intestine, where they practically form the entire tissue between the epithelium and the muscularis mucosa, and to a limited extent in the spleen. In diphtheria, in scarlet fever, and probably in a number of infectious diseases, plasma cells are formed in great numbers in the spleen and bone-marrow, and to some extent in the lymphatic glands. In the spleen they are formed from the cells of the Malpighian bodies, which are often principally composed of them, and to some extent from the cells in the pulp. They are formed from the lymphoid cells. No adequate explanation is found for the focal character of the lesions in the kidneys. There is some ground for believing that the physical conditions of the circulation may have something to do with their accumulation in the vessels in certain places. It is also possible that in the interstitial foci there may be soluble substances which exert a positive chemotaxis for them. Such substances may be foundin the urine, which may exert its influence on the interstitial tissue in different places. The explanation of the foci cannot be found in primary focal degeneration of the epithelium. Epithclial degeneration in these cases is always present, but it is diffuse. In foci where it is more intense and due to the interstitial changes, polynuclear leucocytes are found in the tissue, in the degenerated epithellum and in the tubules. Folynuclear lencocytes and not plasma cells are attracted by degenerated tissue. The foci are not due in these cases to the local action of bacteria. In a number of the cases in which interstitial nephritis was found the kidneys were shown to be sterile both by cultures and by microscopical examination. In cases where bacteria were present they were found only in small numbers in cultures and not on microscopical examination, and their connection with the foci could not be demonstrated. In three cases plasma cells were found in the interstitial tissue in definite bacterial diseases of the kidney. In these cases they were not found in connection with the lesions produced directly by the bacteria, but in the periphery of the purulent foci.
Until recently diphtheria " toxin " was supposed to be a single definite substance and to have a definite toxicity in animals and neutralizing power for antitoxin. A fatal dose of toxin, without regard to the conditions under which it was produced or preserved, was supposed to require always the same quantity of antitoxin to neutralize it. Ehrlich's researches have completely done away with this theory, and have substituted for it one which assumes the toxin to be only at its origin a single definite chemical compound with definite physiological and antitoxic properties. According to Ehrlich the toxin is an unstable substance which readily loses its toxicity, while at the same time its affinity for antitoxin may be either increased or decreased. Its neutralization by antitoxin he considers to be due to a chemical union between the toxin and the antitoxin. The results of our experiments as detailed in this paper are fully in accord with those published by Ehrlich, as to the varying neutralizing value of a minimal fatal dose of " toxin "; they, however, go further and indicate roughly a general law in accordance with which these changes occur. The neutralizing value of a fatal dose of toxin is at its lowest in the culture fluid when the first considerable amounts of toxin have been produced. After a short period, during which the quantity of toxin in the fluid is increasing, the neutralizing value of the fatal dose begins to increase, at first rapidly, then more slowly. While the culture is still in vigorous growth and new toxin is being produced, the neutralizing value of the fatal dose fluctuates somewhat, but with a generally upward tendency. After the cessation of toxin production the neutralizing value of the fatal dose increases steadily until it becomes five to ten times its original amount. In our experiments the greatest value for L(+) was 126, the least 27. As at 6 hours L(+) was only 72 and at 28 hours only 91, we doubt whether L(+) ever reaches above 150, and therefore hardly expect Ehrlich's figures of 200 to be realized. When we seek to analyze the above-described process, we find certain facts which seem partly to explain it. Experiments have shown that filtered toxin, preserved for any length of time in conditions under which access of air occurs, gradually loses in both its toxicity and neutralizing power, and that it loses more rapidly in the former property than in the later. Thus, while the fatal dose of a toxin preserved for one year rose from .01 cc. to .55 cc., it lost only half as much in neutralizing value, one unit neutralizing at first 1 cc., at the end of the year 25 cc. These processes take place more rapidly at room temperature than in the ice chest, and in the incubator than in the room. In the fluid holding the living bacilli we have, therefore, after the first few hours of toxin formation, a double process going on, one of deterioration in the toxin already accumulated, which tends to increase the neutralizing value of the fatal dose, the other of new toxin formation, which probably tends to diminish the neutralizing value. The chemical changes produced by the growth of the bacilli in the bouillon tend to aid one or the other of these processes and so to make from hour to hour slight changes in the value of the fatal dose. Later, with the period of cessation of toxin production, the gradual deterioration of the toxicity alone continues, and the fatal dose gradually and steadily increases in its neutralizing value. Ehrlich's theories, as to the splitting up of " toxin " into toxoids having little or no toxicity but on the average full neutralizing power for antitoxin, have not in our opinion been substantiated by the results of these experiments. The difference between the amount of toxin mixed with a unit of antitoxin which causes the first symptoms and that causing death upon the fourth day would be, it is true, explained by his theory, but the failure of this difference to be greater where, by his theories, epitoxoids should be in great abundance prevents our acceptance of his views. The fact of the greater neutralization value of a fatal dose of a deteriorated toxin would be accounted for on his protoxoid theory. This, however, is not proof of its correctness, as other theories, such as the production by the diphtheria bacillus of two or more closely allied toxins, similar to the allied alkaloids produced by plants, would equally account for it, if we supposed the one which had the greater neutralization value was more resistant to destruction than the other. We only advance this theory to call attention to the fact that many theories can on paper explain a process without necessarily being thereby established. Even if his theories prove partially correct, we feel certain that his formula for standardizing toxins is founded upon error and cannot be employed for the purpose intended by him. While we do not believe, therefore, that he has changed the principles of testing antitoxin, yet we believe he has contributed greatly to uniformity in results by calling attention to the necessity of selecting a suitable toxin and by employing and distributing an antitoxin as a standard to test toxins by. In this way smaller testing stations can make their results correspond with those of the central station. In spite of the great variations in the neutralizing value of a fatal dose in different toxins, we do not believe there has been any such great difference in the toxins used by the different stations for testing purposes. Most laboratories have taken the culture fluid at about the time of its greatest toxicity, and the neutralizing value of a fatal dose of this toxin would seldom vary more than 10 per cent above or below the standard now adopted in Germany by the government testing station, this latter being presumably as close as possible to that used to establish the original Behring-EhrIich unit. Where error has been made, it has usually been by taking too old culture fluids, which would cause the antitoxin strength of samples tested to be estimated below and not above its real value. Culture 8, which is used not only by us but by many other laboratories in the United States and Europe, fortunately produces on the 6th day, the time at which the culture is usually removed, a toxin which grades Elirlich's antitoxin within five per cent of the strength given by him. We believe that by using such a bacillus, we can, after gaining a fuller knowledge of its characteristics, obtain a toxin of a known and suitable neutralizing value, and thus always correctly standardize an antitoxic serum. Meanwhile a fairly permanent antitoxin, such as Ehrlich provides, is of immense value in insuring a uniform though not necessarily correct standard among the different testing stations and in allowing of comparison between them.
I. Cultures of B. coli communis, B. typhosus and Staph. pyogenes aureus, when injected into the tissue of the normal spleen, soon disappear from that organ, and indeed from the normal body generally. II. Bacteria injected into a spleen after the whole or a part of the vessels have been tied, multiply in the spleen with great rapidity and continue to supply bacteria to the blood, whence in the healthy body they soon disappear. III. Bacteria injected into the spleen, or subcutaneous tissue, or into the blood current through the ear vein, in cases in which moderate lesions have been made by cauterization or compression in the spleen, liver, kidney, uterus, testicle, peritoneum, or subcutaneous tissue, usually find lodgment in these lesions and multiply there. IV. Even in cases in which numerous foci existed, from which the blood was constantly provided with a fresh supply of bacteria, only few bacteria were found at any time in the blood.
(1) There exists a distinct morbid entity, haemochromatosis, characterized by the widespread deposition of an iron-containing pigment in certain cells and an associated formation of iron-free pigments in a variety of localities in which pigment is found in moderate amount under physiological conditions. (2) With the pigment accumulation there is degeneration and death of the containing cells and consequent interstitial inflammation, notably of the liver and pancreas, which become the seat of inflammatory changes accompanied by hypertrophy of the organ. (3) When chronic interstitial pancreatitis has reached a certain grade of intensity diabetes ensues and is the terminal event in the disease.
1. Dextrose is not in itself injurious but rather favorable to toxin production. When added in quantities not exceeding 0.2 per cent to peptone bouillon freed from fermentable acid-producing substances (muscle sugar) it leads to a maximum accumulation of toxin by utilizing the available peptone to the best advantage. 2. The different courses taken by cultures of diphtheria bacilli in ordinary unfermented peptone bouillon containing muscle sugar and in peptone bouillon made from fermented infusion to which 0.1 to 0.2 per cent dextrose has been added are manifested by an increased production of toxin in the latter as well as by a rapid return from an acid to an alkaline reaction. In the former an acid reaction may prevail even under most favorable conditions. 3. These differences may be explained by assuming either that the acid products of the muscle sugar are different from those of dextrose and non-utilizable, or else that the bouillon contains certain other unknown inhibitory substances removed during fermentation. The use of synthesized media and an analysis of the acid products in fermented bouillon plus dextrose and in unfermented bouillon would aid in explaining the differences. 4. Among the accessory conditions which favor the toxin production in unfermented bouillon, as pointed out by Park and Williams, are increased quantities of peptone, well developed surface growth of the diphtheria bacilli, and a low initial acid reaction (phenolphthalein). In fermented bouillon these accessory conditions are also favoring, though of legs importance.
588.780 grm. of frogs, all of the same sex, of the same comparative approximate weights, taken from the ground about the same time, kept awake and without food for nearly the same time, were divided into equal groups; the one group was poisoned with phosphorus, the other group held as a control. The frogs in the poisoned group lost in dried residue 8.821 grm. or 16.5 per cent of the dried residue of the control group; 1.182 grm. of nitrogen, corresponding to 7.388 of proteid, or 18.45 per cent of the nitrogen and protein in the control frogs; 1.026 grm. of fat, or 22.64 per cent of the fat in the control animals; and 0.261 grm. glycogen, or 13.3 + per cent of the glycogen in the control frogs. I believe that it is obvious that in these experiments no fats were produced from protein. Mathematically, it is possible to conceive that fats could have been formed but entirely burned up. As previously stated, the carbon in the proteid lost during the poisoning was equivalent to 4.600 grm. of fat, and it is conceivable that these 4.600 grm. of fat were formed, but that they, together with the 1.026 grm. of fat actually lost during the experiments, were burned. In brief, the fat combustion might have been tremendously increased, and masked an actual fat formation. This however is unsupported by evidence, and is highly improbable. It is hard to conceive that in an organism whose katabolic functions were greatly augmented as the result of phosphorus poisoning, in which protein, fat, and glycogen were being burned in excess, the carbon of the protein would first have been converted into fat and then the fat burned as such. I believe the only conclusion which can be drawn from these experiments is that no fat was formed as the result of phosphorus poisoning. Thus the fatty degenerations so-called which occurred in these frogs did not comprehend any formation of fat at all, but simply the deposition of fat. These results are directly opposite to those of Polimanti. Polimanti apparently did not weigh his animals before the beginning of the experiment, and based his calculations upon the relation of the fat to the dried residue. Obviously his calculation was based upon the assumption that the dried residue of a frog was unaffected by phosphorus poisoning. Polimanti, in declining to base his calculations upon the weight of the animals when dead, states that as water is often increased, such a calculation would be misleading. But since the dried residue may and does vary, calculations based upon it are also misleading, and thus the only proper basis of calculation is the original weight of the frogs before the experimentation. Calculated upon the basis of the dried residue, in my material the percentage of fat in the control animals was 8.48 per cent, in the poisoned animals 7.86 per cent, so that, even upon the basis of Polimanti's incorrect calculation, in my experiments fat was lost in notable quantity. Just before this study was completed, the publication of Athanasiu, (8) from Pflueger's laboratory, appeared. Operating with a large number of frogs, and under varying conditions, with careful methods and rigid controls, Athanasiu reached the conclusions: that phosphorus poisoning has no effect upon the total quantity of fat in frogs; that it has little effect upon the nitrogen; that it produces a diminution in the quantity of glycogen; and that the fatty degenerations are really fatty infiltrations. While my results agree with those of Athanasiu in the essential point, that no fat was produced by phosphorus poisoning, they differ in that the poisoned frogs, in my experiments, lost fat and protein as well as glycogen, while his frogs lost only glycogen. Since our methods were almost the same, the differences must have resided either in the conditions surrounding the experiments, or in the animals. I do not believe that such differences exist between the Rana fusca and esculenta of Europe and the Rana palustris of America as to explain the differences in our results. These differences I believe may be explained by varying conditions. My animals were kept in a warm cellar, at a temperature of from 18 to 20 degrees C. The period of poisoning with Athanasiu's frogs varied from one to six days; all of my frogs lived over six days, most of them ten or twelve days. Since we know that the katabolic actions of most poisons are greater in prolonged intoxications, it is fair to assume that the time element was the factor in the production of my results. While it would be unscientific and illogical to state that fat cannot be formed from protein, the fact stands that it has never been shown, either in physiology or pathology, that fats are formed from protein. On the contrary, nearly all of the careful work upon the question has yielded negative results. Not. only has it never been shown that, in fatty degeneration so-called, fat is formed from the cellular protein, but it has never been demonstrated that fat is then formed at all, even from glucosides, etc., substances from which fats may be readily formed.
OUR CONCLUSIONS FROM THE LITERATURE AND OUR OWN EXPERIMENTS MAY BE SUMMARIZED AS FOLLOWS: I. Blood for bacteriological examination during life should be taken directly from the veins and in considerable quantity. II. Resorption of toxines is the most important feature in cases of sepsis; pyogenie bacteria invade the general circulation in a rather small proportion even of severe eases, and, as a rule, late in the course of the disease. III. A general infection by the pnenmococcus can be demonstrated occasionally in the late stages of acute lobar pneumonia. IV. The value of blood cultures as a means of diagnosis in obscure cases of sepsis is limited by the fact that invasion of the blood by the specific organism cannot be demonstrated during life in the majority of cases. Positive cultures are very valuable; negative cultures do not exclude local septic infections. V. The detection of specific bacteria in the blood of cases of sepsis and of pneumonia gives a very unfavorable prognosis in most cases. VI. General terminal infections with pyogenic cocci occasionally occur as an immediate cause of death in chronic disease. Local infections processes play this part more frequently. VII. As far as our experiments have shown, invasion of the blood by bacteria during the death agony, with subsequent distribution of the genus to the organs by the circulation, is a rather uncommon occurrence. VIII. Owing to the relative infrequency of agonal invasion, we believe that in the majority of cases where the autopsy is performed promptly after death, the bacteria which are found in the organs succeeded in reaching these organs previously to the death agony, and are associated with the course of the disease. IX. The presence of bacteria in the organs of late autopsies is due in many cases to post-mortem extension from one organ to another, and in some cases to the post-mortem growth of small numbers of genus which were distributed to the organs by means of the circulation.
It would, of course, be incorrect to attempt to draw conclusions as to the dangers and the chances of success of suture of cardiac wounds in man from the results obtained by animal experimentation. Animals are placed in very unfavorable conditions after the operation. They are very restless and cannot be kept quiet. Ideal cleanliness is impossible and the animals may infect their wound by rubbing the external wound against the dirt on the floor of their cage. From the animal mortality in these investigations no rigid inferences applicable to human beings can therefore be made. Some conclusions of importance can, however, be drawn. Above all, my experiments seem to show that the mammalian heart will bear a much greater amount of manipulation than has hitherto been suspected. Very large wounds of the heart can heal and the healing process occurs in a manner entirely analogous to that in other muscular tissues. Even an extensive suture of the heart-wall of rabbits and dogs, although we know that thereby a large number of muscle fibres are destroyed and replaced by connective tissue, does not interfere with the function of the cardiac muscle as a whole. Can some of the results in the above recorded experiments be, with some restrictions of course, applied to the human heart? I think that this question must be answered in the affirmative. If we compare the knowledge we possess of wounds of the heart in man, with that obtained from animal experiments, and find that they agree in all essential particulars, then we are justified in reasoning by analogy that suture of wounds of the heart in man will give results similar to those obtained in the animal. In the last few decades, the advances made in all the branches of medicine-especially in pathology, bacteriology and surgery-have been due to a great extent to the generalization of the results of animal experimentation. To the careful and critical investigator, the results obtained in the animal experiment have always been of the greatest value in indicating to him the possibility of results to be obtained by similar procedures in the human body. From the study of wounds of the heart in man, and from the results obtained in my experiments, this conclusion seems therefore justified: wounds of the heart in man, when all other means have been tried and found wanting, can and ought to be closed by suture. The application itself of the suture is devoid of the one great danger that was feared in the past, i. e. of sudden arrest of the heart during the manipulations incident upon the application of the sutures. The number of sutures should be as small as possible so as to limit the amount of connective tissue which will be formed; for all the muscle fibres that are compressed by the sutures eventually atrophy and are replaced by new-formed connective tissue. It is probable that this connective tissue will not lead to degenerative changes in the heart-muscle. On the post-mortem table, fibrous plaques are often found in the otherwise normal human heart. In a number of the muscles of the body fibrous bands-tendinous intersections as they are called-are normally found. In the large number of microscopic sections of the heart-muscle that I have examined, I could find no evidence of pathological changes in the muscle fibres some distance from the scar. For similar reasons the suture should always be an interrupted one. We have shown that there are dangers and disadvantages in the continuous suture both on theoretical grounds and in practical use. The sutures should be passed through as little of the heart substance as possible; if they penetrate the epicardium and a small part of the thickness of the heart-muscle it will generally be sufficient. When the heart's action is not too rapid, each suture should be tied during a diastolic relaxation of the part under treatment. On this point we have not yet any experience in man. Cappelen, in his patient, tied the sutures during systole. Rehn tied them in his case during diastole. Only time and further experience will show how much importance is to be attached to this point. All that can be said, in the present state of our knowledge, is, that on theoretical grounds and from animal experimentation, it must be considered safest to tie the sutures during diastole. On first sight, it might appear difficult to apply sutures to an organ in such constant motion as is the heart. In practice, however, the difficulties have been proven not to be so great as might appear. The heart may be grasped with a forceps and the needle and suture easily passed. It is no more difficult to pass and tie a suture in a large dog than in a small rabbit. Hence we should infer that the difficulties of this procedure in the human heart, are not so great, a fact that has been borne out by the experience of those surgeons who have reported cases of heart-suture in man. The cases will always be few in which this extreme method of treatment-for so we must style it-is necessary. Indeed, of the patients that come under the care of the surgeon, there are some who will recover from even large heart wounds without any local treatment at all. Cases have been recently reported by Conner, Brugnoli, Hamilton and others, where after wounds as large as three centimetres, the haemorrhage ceased spontaneously and the patients recovered. One cannot say, therefore, that wounds larger than a certain size must always be sutured. Each case must be carefully considered by itself. When we examine the nine cases of suture of the human heart in man (see pages 487 to 490) we cannot but hope for considerable success from this new method of surgical procedure. Of the nine cases, four recovered entirely, and four died of complications referable to other organs-quite an encouraging record in a few cases. Finally, I may be permitted to summarize these conclusions as follows: 1. Suture of a wound of the heart as a final resort is an operation worthy of consideration in some cases and often justifiable. 2. Suture of wounds of the heart in animals, and also in man, is devoid of the danger of sudden arrest of the heart, due to the manipulation of the heart incident to the procedure, unless Kronecker's coördination centre be injured. 3. The suture should be an interrupted one of silk, applied in most cases so that the epicardium and superficial layers of the myocardium should be the only ones penetrated, and tied, when possible, during diastole. 4. No stated indications can be given as to the cases that are operable or the time when the operation should be done. Each case must be considered by itself for symptoms which would justify operative interference.
From a case of acute endocarditis of the aortic and mitral valves with infarctions m the spleen and kidneys a micrococcus was twice isolated in pure culture from the blood during life and was demonstrated after death both microscopically and in pure culture in large numbers in the valvular vegetations, the infarctions and other parts. No other species of microorganism was found. This micrococcus is very small, occurs mainly in pairs, sometimes in short chains, stains by Gram's method, grows in small, pale, grayish-white colonies on gelatine and agar, at first clouds bouillon, which then becomes clear with a whitish sediment, does not produce gas in glucose media, liquefies gelatine slowly and to some extent also blood serum, and is especially characterized by its behavior in milk, which it acidifies, coagulates and subsequently liquefies. It produces a milk-curdling ferment and also a proteolytic ferment, each of which is separable from the bacterial cells. It remains viable for months in old cultures and is tolerably resistant to the action of heat and antiseptics. The micrococcus is pathogenic for mice and rabbits, causing either abscesses or general infections. Typical acute vegetative endocarditis was experimentally produced by intravenous inoculation of the organism in a rabbit and a dog, and the cocci were demonstrated in pure culture in the vegetations and other parts of these animals after death. Although the micrococcus here described has some points of resemblance to the pneumococcus and Streptococcus pyogenes on the one hand and to the pyogenic staphylococci on the other, it is readily distinguished from each of these species by cultural features which have been described and which are so obvious that the differentiation of these species from our micrococcus need not be discussed in detail. We have searched through the records concerning microorganisms described in association with endocarditis and other diseases, as well as those isolated from water, soil and other sources, and have been unable to find a description of a micrococcus identical in all particulars with that here described. Such points as staining by Gram, liquefaction of gelatine, coagulation and peptonization of milk, served singly or in combination to distinguish our micrococcus from other forms which in some respects might resemble it. We feel justified, therefore, in recognizing this organism as a new species and from its fermentative properties propose for it the name "Micrococcus zymogenes." Micrococcus zymogenes must be added to the already considerable list of bacteria which have been found as the specific infective agents in endocarditis. That it was the cause of this affection in our case was conclusively demonstrated by its repeated isolation in pure culture from the blood during life, by its presence in pure culture and large numbers after death in the cardiac vegetations, the infarctions, and other parts of the body, and by the experimental proof of its pathogenic properties, and notably its capacity to produce vegetative endocarditis by intravenous inoculation in animals.
THE PRINCIPAL CONCLUSIONS THAT SEEM TO ME JUSTIFIED ARE AS FOLLOWS: 1. The fluorescent pigment formed by some varieties of B. pyocyaneus is produced under conditions identical with those governing the production of the pigment by other "fluorescent bacteria." 2. The production of pyocyanin is not dependent upon the presence of either phosphate or sulfate in the culture medium. It is formed in non-proteid as well as in proteid media, but is not a necessary accompaniment of the metabolic activities of the organism (e. g. tartrate solution). 3. The power of producing pyocyanin under conditions of artificial cultivation is lost sooner than the fluorescigenic power. 4. There are greater natural and acquired differences in pyocyanigenic power than in fluorescigenic. 5. The fluorescent pigment may be oxidized slowly by the action of light and air as well as by reagents into a yellow pigment, and pyocyanin may be similarly oxidized into a black pigment. 6. A convenient separation of B. pyocyaneus into four varieties would be the following: var. alpha, pyocyanigenic and fluorescigenic (most common); var. beta, pyocyanigenic only (rare); var. gamma, fluorescigenic only (not uncommon, closely related to "B. fluorescens liquefaciens"); var. delta, non-chromogenic. 7. Except for the occasional loss of one or another function the different varieties are not so plastic as sometimes assumed, and cannot be readily converted into one another by subjection to varying conditions of life. 8. The signification and correlation of the almost countless physiological variations among the members of this group in respect to growth in gelatin, behavior to temperature, indol production, etc., remain to be determined. It is not yet clear that the variations in chromogenic power can be in any way correlated with the presence or absence of other physiological functions.
1. Bacillus X (Sternberg) belongs to the colon group. 2. Bacillus icteroides (Sanarelli) is a member of the hog-cholera group. 3. The various channels of infection, the duration of the disease and the gross and microscopical lesions in mice, guinea-pigs and rabbits are the same for Bacillus icteroides and the hog-cholera bacillus. 4. The clinical symptoms and the lesions observed in dogs inoculated intravenously with Bacillus icteroides, are reproduced in these animals by infection with the hog-cholera bacillus. 5. Bacillus icteroides when fed to the domestic pig causes fatal infection, accompanied by diphtheritic, necrotic and ulcerative lesions in the digestive tract, such as are seen in hogs when infected with the hog-cholera bacillus. 6. This disease may be acquired by exposing swine in pens already infected with Bacillus icteroides, or by feeding them with the viscera of infected pigs. 7. Guinea-pigs may be immunized with sterilized cultures ofBacillus icteroides from a fatal dose of the hog-cholera bacillus and vice versa. 8. Rabbits may be rendered immune by gradually increasing doses of a living culture of Bacillus icteroides of weak virulence from a fatal dose of a virulent culture of the hog-cholera bacillus 9. The sera of animals immunized with Bacillus icteroides and with the hog-cholera bacillus, respectively, show a marked reciprocal agglutinative reaction. 10. While the blood of yellow fever practically does not exercise an agglutinative reaction upon Bacillus icteroides, the blood of hog-cholera agglutinates this bacillus in a much more marked degree, thus pointing, we think, to the closer etiological relationship of this bacillus to hog-cholera than to yellow fever.
(1) Congenital syphilitic pancreatitis retards the development of the glandular acini but does not affect the islands of Langerhans. Embedded in the stroma, but not invaded by it, the latter maintain their continuity with the small ducts and acini with which they have a common origin. (2) Two types of chronic interstitial inflammation affecting the developed pancreas are distinguishable: (a) Interlobular Pancreatitis.-In the interlobular variety the inflammatory process is localized chiefly at the periphery of the lobule and implicates the islands of Langerhans only when the sclerotic process has reached a very advanced grade. When pancreatitis has followed obstruction of the ducts, the islands long remain unaltered though embedded in dense scar-like tissue. (b) Interacinar Pancreatitis.-In the interacinar type the process is diffuse, invading the lobules and separating individual acini. The inflammatory change invades the islands of Langerhans. (3) A relationship has been observed between lesions of the islands of Langerhans and the occurrence of diabetes mellitus. (a) In one of eleven cases of interlobular panereatitis diabetes of mild intensity occurred. The sclerosis, which in this case followed obstruction of the ducts by calculi, was far advanced and affected the islands of Langerhans. (b) In two of three cases of interacinar pancreatitis, diabetes was present. The third case was associated with a condition, haemochromatosis, which at a later stage is associated with diabetes, the result of pancreatic lesion. (c) In a fourth case of diabetes, hyaline deposit between the capillaries and the parenchymatous cells had so completely altered the islands of Langerhans that they were no longer recognizable.
1. The endings of the motor nerves in striped muscle remain on the outside of the sarcolemma. Aside from the surfaces of contact of muscle and nerve fibre, the end fibres are covered down to their tips with the sheath of Schwann and are provided with nuclei. The precise condition of things at the places of contact of muscle and nerve is an unsolved problem of histology. 2. The ivy-like or festooned arrangement of motor nerves in the frog's muscle has been misinterpreted. Properly interpreted it demonstrates that the nerve fibres that are to influence the muscle fibre are not naked and that they need not be end fibres. It shows that mere contact between muscle fibre and nerve fibre is all that is necessary. 3. The sheath of Henle in the frog and in the smaller muscle fibres of the snake is open, thus permitting escape of the cerebrospinal fluid. 4. In other animals Henle's sheath extends over the end fibres of the motor nerve and the cells lining it envelop the end fibrils. I find that the so-called "Sohlensubstanz" of Kühne is derived from the cells of Henle's sheath. 5. The terminal nerves in smooth muscle form a network entwining the bundles of muscle fibres. I consider it improbable that each plain muscle fibre has a special terminal nerve fibril. 6. In muscular tissue fine non-medullated nerves, probably belonging to the centrifugal, vasomotor system, proceed from the fasciculi of motor nerves. These nerves can be traced directly to a network of nerves surrounding the capillaries. From this network fine, nucleated, nerve fibres pass to the walls of the capillaries, with which they are very closely united. 7. The nerves supplying the capillaries connect also with sensory nerves and with nerves surrounding the larger blood-vessels, both arteries and veins. 8. The branches of the chorda tympani in the submaxillary gland do not pass to the gland cells, but they terminate on the capillaries. 9. In muscular and glandular tissues-and perhaps throughout the body-there is a vast peripheral nervous plexus belonging to the capillary blood-vessels. These nerves of the capillaries, which may perhaps be regarded as nutritive nerves, regulate the production and transudation of lymph, and are concerned in the mechanism of glandular secretion. They may be called into activity both by peripheral influences and by impulses received from the central nervous system and the sympathetic ganglia. They may influence, through their connections with the vasomotor nerves on the arteries and veins, the blood supply to a part.
1. Bile increases the digestion of fat when given by the mouth in pill form. The percentage of fat lost in the stools of our patient with a complete biliary fistula was 63 per cent in the first period and 57 per cent in the third. This closely corresponds to the results that Müller obtained in human beings and dogs with complete obstruction of the common duct. Under bile medication the stools contained 23 per cent less fat than in the first period, and 17 per cent less than in the third. This represents an actual diminution of the amount of fat lost in the stools. Looking at the result in another way, it may be said that the average digestion of fat in the periods without bile was 40 per cent; in the periods with bile, 60 per cent, i. e., bile increased the digestion of fat relatively by 50 per cent. 2. The digestion of nitrogenous food is improved by the use of bile pills when the amount of fat in the stools is large. Instead of an average of 15 per cent being lost in the faeces, but 7 per cent escaped digestion during the four days the patient took bile. The reason for this, perhaps, lies in the better digestion of fat at this time, in consequence of which the proteid elements of the food were more thoroughly exposed to the digestive juices. 3. Ox bile is a cholagogue. The amount of bile-solids secreted in the bile period was 47 per cent greater than in the periods before and after. This confirms the work of Pfaff and Balch, here in Boston, on a human being, and that of Stadelmann and his pupils, in Germany, on dogs. 4. The effect of the bile on the bowels in this case was not remarkable, although they moved more satisfactorily during the bile period. In my experiments with dogs I usually obtained diarrhoea when giving bile. I do not feel sure, however, that this should be attributed wholly to the medication, for the diarrhoeas as a rule appeared six or more days after the beginning of the experiment and the animals were then in poor condition. Dr. Pfaff, who has had more experience with the administration of bile than I, tells me that he has found its action variable in patients. In some cases it is a laxative; in others, in which there is diarrhoea, due apparently to large amounts of fat in the food, it has the opposite effect. 5. As to the general effect of bile on body metabolism, it was observed that the urea and nitrogen were excreted in greater amount in the bile period than in either of the others. No definite conclusions can be drawn from this fact, because more nitrogen was ingested during these four days; moreover, it must be borne in mind that in these results the salol may have been a factor. 6. The amount of urine was increased by more than 50 per cent in the bile period. It is interesting to note that the amount was about the same during this bile period as in the second experiment when the bile was again taking its natural course. Von Noorden has recorded a similar increase in the amount of urine following the removal of the obstruction in acute catarrhal jaundice. The salol coating of the bile pills, which amounted to one and a quarter grammes a day, is not sufficient to account for this effect. This is evident from the work of Kumagawa, who gave two grammes of sodium salicylate daily to a dog of 25 kilos without essentially changing the amount of urine secreted. On the other hand, in taking the 30 pills daily the patient drank several extra glasses of water, and in the second experiment her general condition was naturally better than at any other time.
1. In the case investigated, one of Malta fever, the leucocytes were reduced to between 1500 and 3000 per cubic millimetre. 2. Notwithstanding this, the alloxur bodies and the phosphoric acid in the urine, the patient being on an alloxur-free diet, showed no distinct diminution from the normal. 3. The suggestion is made that this result may be due to the leucopenia being brought about by an increased destruction of leucocytes in the spleen rather than to a diminished activity of the bone-marrow.
IT SEEMS DESIRABLE TO EMPHASIZE THE FOLLOWING CONCLUSIONS: 1. A careful balancing of the normal acids and bases of the urine makes it possible not merely to detect the presence of organic acids in the urine, but also to determine approximately the amount of such acids. The method recently described by Herter and Wakeman can be recommended as securing a greater degree of accuracy, for the amount of labor involved, than any other procedure. 2. The determination of the N of NH(3) is a useful procedure for clinical purposes, since it is probably true that a considerable excretion of organic acid (say 15 gm. oxybutyric or more in 24 hours) is always attended by an increased excretion of NH(3). As much organic acid as corresponds to 10 gm. oxybutyric acid may be excreted in 24 hours without causing an increased excretion of NH(3) (Case IX). We cannot therefore rely on the ammonia output to detect moderate quantities of organic acid. 3. Where organic acids are removed in considerable amount without increasing the excretion of NH(3), the acid takes out other alkalies, probably in some instances chiefly K. 4. In cases of diabetic coma the urine always contains a large excess of organic acids and the N of NH(3) is usually increased to 18 to 25 per cent of the total N. 5. Crotonic acid can regularly be obtained from the urines of patients in diabetic coma. 6. The condition of diabetic coma is preceded by a period of days, weeks or months, in which there is a large excretion of beta-oxybutyric acid (20 gm. or more in 24 hours), and in which the N of NH(3) is largely increased. 7. Patients whose urines show or have shown a large excretion of organic acids are in danger of developing diabetic coma, but the N of NH(3) may temporarily rise as high as 16 per cent and yet coma may be delayed for more than 7 months (Case VII). The persistent excretion of more than 25 gm. of beta-oxybutyric acid indicates impending coma. 8. A patient passing 30 gm. of beta-oxybutyric acid in 24 hours may still have enough energy and strength to be about all day and perform considerable muscular work (Case X). 9. A patient who has been excreting very little organic acid and has gained weight may within a few months show the presence of considerable quantities of organic acid, and die in typical diabetic coma (Case VII). 10. When the urine contains little or no organic acid there is no immediate prospect of diabetic coma, but patients with such urine are probably liable to most of the other dangers that threaten diabetic patients. The relation between the degree of acid intoxication and the susceptibility to infection seems worthy of special experimental study. 11. Where the urine regularly contains more than 200 gm. of sugar per day there is usually considerable organic acid in the urine and large amounts of acid, indicative of coma, are invariably accompanied by considerable or great glycosuria. 12. Sometimes there is much sugar and little or no acid in the urine, and sometimes there is considerable acid and little sugar. These facts render it desirable to examine the urine of diabetic patients at least once a month with reference to the amount of acid excreted, for the element of acid intoxication must be clearly separated from the element of glycosuria in our study of the progress of a case. In other words, we must recognize the acid intoxication as an important and sometimes as a dominant factor in the prognosis, and this element should be regarded even in those cases of diabetes which have the clinical indications of a mild type of the disease. We may thus hope to prolong life in many instances by taking precautions, as to diet and out-of-door life, which might not otherwise be deemed necessary. 13. The withdrawal of carbohydrate food frequently leads to a considerable reduction in the quantity of organic acids excreted. The reason for this is not yet clear and the phenomenon deserves careful study.
1. Capsules made as described above allow dialysis, when placed in the peritoneal cavity. 2. The normal tissues, unstimulated, do not possess the power of causing agglutination; they do not require to be stimulated by the presence of the bacterial bodies, but will produce their share of the agglutinins when acted upon by the bacillary products. 3. Agglutination follows the insertion, in the peritoneal cavity, of "capsuled" bacilli; it gradually increases in degree, and on the removal of the capsule containing the bacilli, begins to disappear. 4. Varieties of bacilli, related closely in morphology and cultural reactions, do not, as a rule, produce serums which inter-agglutinate.
The preceding observations record a new instance of the occurrence of cyclic albuminuria in an otherwise apparently healthy young man. The typical course of the proteid excretion from hour to hour under various conditions has been reviewed and its independence of the changes in diet or muscular work pointed out. No relationship between the volume of urine eliminated and the quantity of proteid excreted has been ascertained. The specific effect of the horizontal posture in dispelling the albuminuria is the most interesting feature observed. The attempt to refer this to attendant circulatory changes in the kidneys is, for the present, no more than an interesting speculation. See PDF for Structure See PDF for Structure.
THE CONCLUSIONS WHICH WE DERIVE FROM OUR OBSERVATIONS ARE AS FOLLOWS: 1. The excretion of injected, egg-albumen as such is in no case complete. The quantity retained varies from 23 to 100%. 2. The amount retained varies: a) directly with the slowness of absorption. This is determined by the manner of administration. b) directly with the time during which the proteid remains in the body; and therefore inversely to the rapidity of excretion. c) inversely to the quantity injected; this has however much less effect than (a) or (b). d) with individual peculiarities; but these are not very conspicuous. 3. The excreted proteid coagulates at the same temperatures as the injected albumen. 4. Injection of egg-albumen does not cause the appearance of globulins in the urine. 5. The proportion of proteid coagulating at lower temperatures is less in the urine than in the injected solution. When a solution has been heated to 73 degrees before injection, the urine also does not coagulate below this temperature. 6. Egg-albumen injected into the hen is excreted as with mammals. 7. The albuminuria lasts in typical cases from 1(1/2) to 3 days, according to the manner of administration. The excretion begins very shortly (7 minutes) after injection. 37 per cent of the total proteid injected may be excreted in an hour. About three-fourths of the total excretion takes place within the first 17 hours; the excretion is almost completed in the next 15 hours, only traces being excreted thereafter. With hypodermic injection the amount is more nearly equal on 2 or 3 successive days, since the absorption may extend over 2 days. 8. Alkali-albumin, as well as muscle-proteids (from foreign species) are completely retained. An unconverted mixture of egg-albumen and sodium carbonate behaves like egg-albumen. 9. A small amount of proteid (less than 5%) is excreted unchanged by the faeces. 10. A variable proportion is excreted as non-coagulable proteid. The quantity of this is proportional to that of the coagulable proteid of the urine. 11. The rest undergoes complete metabolism to urea. 12. The total nitrogen excretion is increased beyond the amount of nitrogen introduced as albumen. 13. Starvation appears to cause an increase in the ratio of the urea to the total nitrogen of the urine. 14. The effects of intravenous injection of egg-albumen on circulation and respiration do not differ from those of an equivalent injection of the solvent. Albumen causes, however, a specific diuresis, beginning 50 minutes after the intravenous injection, and reaching its maximum in about 2 hours. It causes neither glycosuria nor haemoglobinuria. 15. The injection of egg-albumen, alkaline egg-syntonin, or muscle extracts, causes in rabbits a rise of temperature of 1 to 2 degrees C. This begins in about an hour, usually reaches its maximum in from 6 to 8 hours, and then falls rapidly. It may in rare cases persist for several days. It is indifferent qualitatively whether the injection is made by the jugular or the ear-vein, hypodermically, or into the peritoneum. Even extremely small quantities injected into the ear-vein cause this rise. The fever does not cause histological alterations in any organ examined. The injection of normal salt solution may cause a rise, but this is much smaller. 16. The injection of egg-albumen causes but very slight histological changes. The kidneys are usually congested, especially in the cortex. The cells may be slightly cloudy. A slight degree of nephritis may occur, but this is not of such degree as to effect permanent lesions. The injection of muscle extracts may give rise to a more pronounced parenchymatous nephritis. 17. Urethane is fatal to rabbits in doses of 0.75 to 1.0 grm. per kilo. The symptoms consist mainly in a very marked fall of temperature, and in medullary paralysis. 0.5 grm. per kilo. lowers the temperature 2.3 degrees C. Doses as small as 0.6 grm. per kilo cause very marked histological changes, consisting mainly in extensive granular and vacuolar degeneration of the hepatic epithelium, which are so acute as to be fully developed when death occurs in 1(1/2) hours after injection. Doses of 0.35 grm. per kilo. do not produce this change. Chloretone did not cause the degeneration, but is followed by congestion of the abdominal viscera. 18. Native egg-albumen, injected into the femoral vein of a dog, was followed in one case by a fatal ending with convulsions and coma, after several intervening cases of good health. Further experiments demonstrated that there is no toxicity inherent in fresh egg-albumen, nor can it be developed by breeding the eggs in the shell. The cause of the above fatal issue must therefore be sought in some extraneous toxic agent which contaminated the solution. Muscle-extracts were also devoid of toxicity. Alkali-albumin produces no changes beyond those which may be attributed to the free alkali contained therein.
1. The increase of conductivity produced by saponin in formaldehyde-hardened blood is due to an increase in the conductivity of the corpuscles (increased permeability of the corpuscles to ions) and not, mainly at any rate, to the liberation of electrolytes from the corpuscles and a consequent increase in the conductivity of the serum. The increase in the permeability of the corpuscles is probably caused by a "corrosive," dissolving, or emulsifying action of the saponin on some non-proteid constituent of the envelope or stroma. 2. In the first stage of the action of saponin on blood (not fixed by formaldehyde) there seems also to be an increase in the permeability of the corpuscles for ions, even before any haemoglobin has been liberated. The liberation of the haemoglobin may be secondary to this, owing to the entrance, of water consequent on the disturbance of osmotic equilibrium. 3. Heating the blood to 40 degrees to 45 degrees C. intensifies the laking action of saponin, so that a dose insufficient to cause laking at ordinary temperature may do so when the blood is heated to the temperature mentioned. 4. Pus corpuscles, like red blood corpuscles, are worse conductors than the serum in which they are suspended. Unlike blood corpuscles, they show no preference for NH(4)Cl as compared with NaCl. On the other hand, the conductivity of pus is increased by the action of saponin, just as is the case with blood, and apparently very much in the same way, that is to say, by an action on the corpuscles and not on the serum. The fixing of the pus corpuscles by formaldehyde does not hinder this action of saponin.
By morphological examination and with current cultural methods a clear differentiation cannot always be made between pneumococci and streptococci. The chief differential character usually depended upon is the capsule of the pneumococcus. Well-marked capsules, however, may occur on organisms which have with reason been classified as streptococci. On the other hand, capsules may not he demonstrable on pneumococci by the usual methods, especially when growing on artificial culture media. The usual cultural characters and reactions are at best not diagnostic, and are subject to variations which may render them useless as evidence of specific difference. The experiments recorded in this paper, however, afford some evidence that there are well-marked differences between the metabolic activities of pneumococci and streptococci, which may prove useful in the differentiation of these organisms. These differences in metabolism become apparent when the pneumococci and streptococci are cultivated in an alkaline serum medium, or in a serum medium to which the carbohydrate, inulin, has been added. Pneumococci slowly produce acid in the alkaline serum.
FROM THE PRECEDING I DERIVE THE FOLLOWING CONCLUSIONS: 1. The disease which formerly has been described as a form of protozoon-infection is due to an infection with a pathogenic fungus. 2. The infection may primarily be either a cutaneous or a pulmonary one. 3. The lesions produced by this fungus fall under the general head of infectious granulomata and consist partly in nodules resembling altogether those produced by the tubercle bacilli and partly in chronic abscesses. 4. The adult forms of the parasite are more apt to produce nodules, the sporulating forms abscesses. 5. The fungus is pathogenic for dogs, rabbits and guinea-pigs probably other animals also, and in them produces lesions very similar to those which we encounter in the human being in this disease. 6. Supurative periorchitis in guinea-pigs is not pathognomonic for glanders.
THE RESULTS OF THIS INVESTIGATION MAY BE SUMMARIZED AS FOLLOWS: 1. The inhalation of formaldehyde gas in even small quantities is followed by bronchitis and pneumonia. Pneumonia is due to the inhalation of the gas and not to secondary infection. 2. Formalin belongs to that rare group of poisons which are capable of producing death suddenly when swallowed. 3. The introduction of formalin into the stomach is followed by the production of a gastritis which varies greatly in character. The duodenum and upper jejunum may also be involved in the inflammatory process. 4. Intraperitoneal injections of formalin cause peritonitis of a fibrino-haemorrhagic character. A definite reaction is obtained when very dilute formalin (1-1000) is employed. In the peritoneal cavity formalin exercises a destructive action upon all organs (pancreas, liver, peritoneal fat, Fallopian tubes, etc.) with which it comes in contact and causes inflammation in these organs. 5. The lethal dose of formalin when injected intraperitoneally into guinea pigs is approximately 2 cc. of 1-1000 formalin for each 100 grm. of body weight. 6. The injection of formalin into the lungs is followed by pneumonia and bronchitis. 7. The inflammation which follows subcutaneous injections of formalin is characterized by intense exudation. 8. The injection of formalin into the muscles produces myositis. 9. The injection of formalin into the anterior chamber of the eye causes the accumulation of an exudate containing leucocytes and fibrin. When formalin is dropped into the conjunctival sac iritis follows and may be severe enough to destroy the eye. 10. Formalin in whatever way introduced into the body is absorbed, and is then capable of producing lesions in the parenchymatous organs. 11. Changes in the liver after absorption of formalin consist of mild or severe grade of cloudy swelling accompanied by vacuolation of the protoplasm, changes in the nuclei and leucocytic infiltration. Focal necrosis may result. Similar changes follow the inhalation of formaldehyde. 12. The injection of formalin or the inhalation of the vapors of formaldehyde produces cloudy swelling of the parenchyma of the kidney. Focal necrosis may result. 13. Pneumonia and bronchitis are found in all animals after the injection of formalin. 14. The leucocytic infiltration which follows the introduction of formalin into an organ has these general characteristics: The eosinophiles are the first leucocytes to appear; these are followed by the other polynuclear leucocytes; last appear the large and small mononuclear leucocytes. Similar phenomena occur in the trachea, bronchi and lungs of animals subjected to formaldehyde inhalations. 15. Formalin is, directly or indirectly, chemiotactic for leucocytes. The tissues which are not infiltrated with leucocytes after the injection of formalin are those which have been so injured by the chemical that an inflammatory reaction is impossible. 16. Animals subjected to chronic poisoning with formalin administered by intraperitoneal injection develop fibrinous peritonitis, associated with marked eosinophilia. The changes in the kidneys and liver consist of cloudy swelling, fatty degeneration, focal necrosis and leucocytic infiltration.
The virulent cholera spirillum possesses a greater number of bacteriolytic and agglutinable haptophore groups, or these groups are endowed with a greater avidity for uni- and amboceptors than the avirulent. The number or the avidity of the bacteriolytic receptors possessed by a bacterium is directly proportional to its virulence. However, the agglutinable receptors do not follow this law, i.e., the agglutinable haptophore groups are not necessarily present in the same proportion as the bactericidal ones. While the energy of growth is a very important factor in relation to virulence, other phenomena must also be considered. The virulent organism possesses a greater number of toxic haptophore groups than the avirulent. The binding power of the free receptors of the organisms for bacteriolytic amboceptors in vitro is proportional to the bactericidal immunity produced in animals by each, which latter is in turn proportional to the virulence of the organisms from which the receptors were extracted. The binding power in vitro of the dead micro-organisms of different virulence for bacteriolytic amboceptors is not in proportion to their toxicity. The bactericidal immunity obtained by means of the inoculation with the dead organisms of different virulence, or their extracts obtained by autolytic digestion, is proportional to the virulence of the living strains of the bacteria employed. With the living organisms, while the bactericidal immunity obtained from the inoculation of animals with the virulent organism is greater than that produced with the avirulent, such immunity is not in direct proportion to the virulence of the bacteria introduced. These conclusions apply to the two strains of cholera spirilk employed in the foregoing experiments. Whether they will also hold good with other strains of this spirillum or for micro organisms in general, must be decided by further experimenta work.
The results above reported lead to the conclusion that while in the degenerating cells chemical changes are taking place tending toward a diminution of the hexon bases as a whole, they affect the arginin especially. One may picture the process either as a partial or as a complete breaking down of certain proteid. material more or less rich in hexon bases, leaving behind. proteid matter poorer in bases. The meaning of these changes is, however, obscure, and with the limited number of known facts bearing upon the subject, it would seem idle even to attempt to formulate an hypothesis to explain them. Certain work of other investigators is, however, suggestive in this connection. Kossel and Dakin, for instance, as illustrated by their work upon the simple proteid body clupein, found that a partial destruction of the proteid molecule, involving the arginin group, is brought about by a ferment furnished by the animal organism. When subjected to the hydrolytic action of a mineral acid, clupein yields arginin in considerable abundance. But if the clupein is first acted upon by the ferment arginase found in the liver, and then subjected to acid hydrolysis, the yield of arginin is appreciably diminished. Among the cleavage products in the latter instance are the components of arginin, namely, omithin and urea. It would seem, therefore, as if the ferment had loosened the union between the omithin and urea in the arginin group, so that upon subsequent hydrolysis a diminution of arginin resulted. In the cases studied by me, it may be that the conditions were favorable for some such ferment action as that above described, and hence the relatively low yield of arginin. No attempt, however, was made to ascertain if omithin were present in the urine. Its presence there would seem not wholly unlikely when one considers the diminished power of oxidation of the phosphorus-poisoned cell, although Thompson has shown that arginin or omithin when administered to a healthy dog as food or by hypodermic injection is eliminated for the most part as urea, no ornithin being found. There might seem to be a conflict between this view and the results recently published by Wohlgemuth, but it must be borne in mind that the influences at work causing the breaking down of the proteid molecule are probably quite diverse in character. Wohlgemuth has recently shown for the first time that a diamino acid may actually find its way into the urine in phosphorus poisoning. He found arginin in the urine not only in rabbits poisoned with phosphorus but also in a patient suffering from phosphorus poisoning. On the other hand, he was unable to find lysin in the urine. This fact is of especial interest in view of the evidence set forth in this paper that the arginin base is lost to the proteid molecule more rapidly than the lysin base. The correspondence between the findings in the liver and in the urine is thus a close one. How much of the arginin liberated from the proteid molecule may find its way into the urine is of course uncertain. It seems reasonable to suppose that a portion of the base is acted upon by the arginase ferment in the manner already described. Of the seventeen to eighteen cleavage products of the proteid molecule thus far isolated, the hexon bases are among the most stable. One or more of these bases have been found in practically all proteid matter thus far investigated; in fact arginin is so uniformly present that Kossel has made the suggestion that it is the kernel of the proteid molecule. At all events, the question may be asked, whether, if the influences at work in the altered liver tissue were of a general character causing a diminution of the hexon bases, the monoamino acid groups would not suffer even a greater diminution; and since the pathological condition is undoubtedly associated with impaired oxidation, their presence should not be expected in the urine. As a matter of fact, Ignatowski found considerable quantities of monoamino acids in the urine of patients suffering from gout, pneumonia, and leukaemia, though under normal conditions no monoamino acids were found in the urine, indeed, not even after the subcutaneous injection of glycokoll. Furthermore, the loosening of the amino acids from the proteid molecule is suggested by the fact that Taylor found such acids in the liver of a patient who died from a hepatic disease of obscure etiology, but which he was inclined to attribute to chloroform poisoning. Taylor found not only leucin and tyrosin in the liver, but also arginin, a fact not without interest in view of the diminished arginin content found in the livers of the chloroformed dogs after acid hydrolysis. Moreover, the falling off of the hexon bases under the conditions studied seems quite in accordance with some results recently reported by Levene. He has shown that certain cleavage products obtained by the action of mineral acids upon self-digested pancreas, spleen, and liver, are much diminished when compared with the products obtained from the fresh glands. The lysin and arginin of the digested liver, for example, showed a diminution of over 50 per cent. It is now well established that in course of the process of aseptic autolysis, the proteids of the liver cell undergo decomposition into simpler substances, and Jacoby showed that during life autolysis may go on in portions of the liver in which the circulation has been hindered. But of greater significance still in this connection, is the observation made by Jacoby on the autolytic changes in the liver during phosphorus poisoning. He found that when the normal liver substance is permitted to autolyse the solution of the liver substance is a slow one. On the other hand, under similar conditions the liver of a phosphorus-poisoned animal undergoes rapid and almost complete solution. The difference in the behavior of the normal and damaged liver points to an increase of normal ferment action in the case of the poisoned organ. It thus seems reasonable to suppose that in phosphorus poisoning we have during life an exaggerated breaking down of the proteid molecule associated with an over-action of certain ferments, and among them probably arginase. The pathological process in the liver during life may, therefore, be thought of as proceeding in the same general direction as the process of post-morten autolytic decomposition. By means of further studies along lines indicated in this paper, it should be possible to gain a deeper insight into numerous pathological processes. The changes in amyloid degeneration are among those which promise to be better understood through the application of the new methods of chemical analysis. Moreover, it cannot be doubted that pharmacology as well as toxicology has much to gain from a study of what happens to the proteid molecule under the influence of poisons.
The serum of an inflammatory exudate has the power of inhibiting the action of proteolytic ferments contained in the leucocytes. This anti-enzymotic power is possessed by the blood serum from which it doubtless passes into the exudate. In the later stages of inflammation there is some diminution of this anti-enzymotic action. The anti-body contained in the serum is destroyed by a temperature of 75 degrees C. The proteolytic ferments of the leucocytes act both in an acid and in an alkaline medium but are most efficient in the latter. The anti-enzymotic action of the serum is favored by an alkaline reaction, but is completely lost in an acid medium.
In sections of control and normal skin, the nuclei of the epithelial cells were often indented by the cell protoplasm, giving them an appearance similar to those indented by Mallory's bodies. It would seem that if these bodies of Mallory's were protozoa they would have been found in the sections from both the living and the dead skin of scarlet-fever and measles, as they were present in the blister fluid. Their absence is certainly more suggestive of a degeneration than of a protozoon. This view is also borne out by the fact that they were not found immediately after death, but were present in another specimen from the same case removed twenty-four hours later. It would seem probable also that the bodies found in the blister fluid were the products of degeneration and cytolytic activity, because they were found in the antitoxin rashes as well as in the cases of scarlet-fever and measles. The histological changes in the skin of these two diseases leads us to expect the presence of cytolytic products both in the blister fluid and in the sections. It certainly cannot be stated that none of these bodies is a protozoön, but it can be positively stated that a great majority of them arise from degenerating cells; and in many cases, I think, it is not possible to differentiate a degeneration from a protozoön by the study of its morphology and staining reactions. The bodies present in blister fluid resemble very closely those granular bodies found in blood under certain conditions, and seen in vaccine lymph and in emulsions of tissues and in exudates. I think, therefore, that they are for the most part, if not wholly, products of degenerating tissue cells and of leucocytes, and within certain limits specific to scarlet-fever and measles.
The treatment of washed erythrocytes of the guinea-pig by a heated immune hemolytic serum derived from the rabbit, and of washed erythrocytes of the sheep by a similar serum derived from the goat, renders the erythrocytes more or less resistant to the subsequent action of tetanolysin. If all the serum is removed from corpuscles treated in this manner, it can be determined that some of the protection is due to the agglutination of the cells. A certain amount of the protection afforded by agglutination is referable to the physical barrier which the agglutinated mass of cells offers to the uniform distribution and diffusion of the tetanolysin. It is probable that none of the protection obtained is due to the mere union of agglutinin or of hemolytic amboceptors with their respective cell-receptors; such union would appear to leave the tetanophile receptors still unoccupied. If a residuum of serum is left with the corpuscles which have been treated as indicated, the added protection which is acquired against the subsequent action of tetanolysin may reasonably be referred to antitoxin which is present in the residual serum. The possibility of the dissociation of a union between the tetanophile receptor and its antibody, occasioned by the dilution incident to washing away the serum, may not be entirely ignored, but has not been susceptible to determination. The same may be said of the possibility that tetanolysin, having a stronger affinity for the tetanophile receptor than has the antibody, is able to displace the latter from its union with the receptor. Hence treating corpuscles with the immune serums does not allow one to determine the presence or absence of an antibody for the tetanophile receptor, the experiments being formulated on the supposition that such an antibody would unite with the tetanophile receptors and thereby prevent subsequent binding of tetanolysin.
The group of dysentery organisms is a large and. varied one. It may be divided, as is well known, into two main sub-groups, the "Shiga-Kruse" and the "mannit-fermenters," which are of equal importance and entirely distinct. If we take decided differences in agglutination, as determined by absorptions, as a criterion of specificity, the latter group includes at least four distinct species with a number of sub-varieties and transition forms. Two of the above species are found among organisms which split either dextrose, mannit, and saccharose or in addition maltose. The other two species are represented by the bacillus "Y" of Hiss and Russell and the "Flexner-Manila" bacillus. If we adopt Ford's proposal, that a new species should be made for each culture showing a constant cultural or agglutinative difference, the number would increase considerably. At the best, however, classification of bacteria is at present very artificial. Although so many types appear among the " mannit-fermenters," there is no reason why they should not all be included in the dysentery group of bacilli, provided the reaction in litmus milk be typical. This cultural test, as Duval has emphasized, is the most constant one which we have at present, but it should extend over several weeks in order to exclude lactose fermenters. In contradistinction to the heterogeneity of the "mannit-fermenters," the homogeneity of the "Shiga-Kruse" type stands in marked contrast. Every culture of the latter which. was tested (about twenty in all) reacted in all media and agglutinated with all the various sera exactly alike. One is tempted to explain this diversity of the "mannit-fermenters" by accepting the suggestion of Flexner, that they may be occasional, if not constant, inhabitants of the normal intestine. Certainly Duval has isolated the "mannit-fermenters" from the mildest cases of diarrhoea, to say nothing of the two apparently normal infants from which he also obtained them. Furthermore, the agglutinins for the mannit group in normal blood might be accounted for on this hypothesis, as well as the many differences in fermentation and agglutination. For, as has been well said by Smith and Reagh, one " should keep in mind the various adaptations in the intestine-it may be to the food remains in the large intestine, to the mucus on the surface of the epithelium, to the contents of the tubules and the larger flask-shaped glands, and further, with this progressive adaptation are associated modifications of biological characters which most likely involve agglutinative capacities as well." The fact that dysentery bacilli have not been isolated frequently from the normal intestine might be explained by their habitat being possibly within the mucus tubules and their number few under normal condition, for it is well known that they are most frequently found in association with mucus. When abnormal conditions, however, arise and the production of mucus increases, these organisms would possibly multiply in number pari passu and find themselves in a favorable position to attack any slight injury which might occur in the wall of the intestine. The "Shiga-Kruse," or Group I, type, on the other hand, seems to present the characters of a true parasite. Only an insignificant amount of agglutinin is present for it in normal human blood and that of laboratory animals, according to most authorities; it agglutinates alike in various immune sera; it has a very marked toxicity for laboratory animals; it has never been isolated from the normal human intestine, although an organism in some respects like it has been described by Ford as being an inhabitant of the normal intestine; it produces no indol; it splits only the monosaccharids, through which it falls in line with the conclusion of Smith and Reagh, that the less a bacillus acts on sugars the more pronounced is its parasitic character. Whether or not it ever invades the blood in numbers is a question yet to be decided.
1. Typical pneumococci were present dunng the winter months in the throat secretions of a large percentage of healthy individuals in city and country. 2. A higher percentage of atypical strains of pneumococci have been obtained from healthy persons than from those suffering from pneumonia. In the latter cases the atypical strains may have been overlooked, because of the larger number of typical pneumococci present. Many of the atypical strains seem to be closely related to the streptococci. 3. The so-called Streptococcus mucosus Schottmuller, which has hitherto been classed with the distinct streptococci, is placed as a definite variety among the pneumococci, and it is recommended that the name be changed to Streptococcus lanceolatus, var. mucosus. 4. A lower percentage of strains of pneumococci virulent for rabbits in the doses used has been obtained from normal cases by rabbit inoculations of mass cultures than from cases of pneumonia by the same method. 5. Since the virulence of pneumococci may be rapidly increased for a susceptible species of experimental animal by successive passage, and since pneumococci obtained from most pneumonias are more virulent for experimental animals than are those obtained from healthy individuals, therefore the virulence of pneumococci from cases of human infection is probably increased for human beings; hence cases of pneumonia should be considered to a certain degree as contagious and, since the virulence of the pneumococcus may be quickly increased and since the organism is very prevalent in normal sputum, all possible measures should be taken to restrict public expectoration. 6. By repeated inoculations into sheep of a pneumococcus strain, a specific protective power of this serum for mice is developed against the homologous strain and against certain other strains, one morphological variety (Streptococcus lanceolatus, var.mucosus) being thus clearly differentiated from other strains. 7. Coincident with this production of protective power, a slight specific increase of the sheep serum in phagocytic power in vitro has been observed with some strains of pneumococci, all strains of Streptococcus lanceolatus, var. mucosus, acting similarly with the serum produced by the inoculation of one strain; the strains of some other varieties, however, have shown no definite relationship between the phagocytic power and the protective power of the serum.
Owing to unavoidable circumstances only a limited amount of time was available for the work on agglutination. The foregoing report is therefore preliminary only and the following conclusions are provisionally offered: I. Pneumococci by reason of their agglutinating properties exhibit a tendency to separate into numerous groups similar to streptococci. II. Pneumococcus mucosus forms a distinct and consistent variety. The production by it of common agglutinins for some pneumococci and the resistance of the agglutinins produced by it to absorption by the streptococcus indicate a nearer relation to the former than to the latter organism. III. The agglutinating substances in the serum of immunized animals were demonstrated by absorption tests to consist of specific and group agglutinins in cases where the agglutinins were sufficiently developed to make use of this method. IV. The pneumococci seem to show marked differences in their ability to undergo agglutination. V. There was considerable uniformity of reaction of the various strains in low dilutions, but this uniformity is not continued as the animal becomes more highly immunized. VI. At present it is not possible to establish a definite relation between the agglutination reaction and the other characteristics of the pneumococcus excepting in the case of the Pneumococcus mucosus.
THE FOLLOWING CONCLUSIONS MAY BE DRAWN, BASED UPON THE RESULT OF OUR RESEARCHES: 1. Organisms of the pneumococcus or streptococcus group are present in the lungs of practically all cases, whether normal or showing a variety of lesions; strictly speaking, they were found by us in forty out of forty-two cases, or in 95% of our series. 2. The pneumococci and the streptococci were obtained in practically similar percentages-that is, in 50 % of the cases. 3. Pneumococci were not obtained more frequently in the small series of patients exposed for some time to hospital atmosphere; our tables show the contrary to obtain. The number of cases examined were, however, insufficient, and the findings may thus be accidental, and hence of no value. 4. Test micro-organisms, namely, small portions-half a drachm or less-of B. prodigiosus, introduced into the human mouth after death, were conveyed to and recovered from the lungs by culture in a little over half of the cases in which this experiment was tried. The test micro-organisms are, we believe, conveyed to the lungs with the fluid which collects in mouths of persons after death, and which in many cases collects just before death. The numerous manipulations entailed in the removal of the body from the wards to the morgue greatly facilitate the entrance of any fluid from the pharynx and buccal cavity into the lungs. It follows logically, from the results obtained in this experiment, that the cultural findings after death are no guide to the bacterial contents of the lungs during life, and that any deductions made from such findings are unreliable and deceptive. Granted that our explanation be correct, there is every reason to believe that any of the micro-organisms present in the mouths and pharynx and in many cases in the stomach contents may enter the lungs and, if the conditions be suitable, increase in numbers, during the time between death and the examination of the lungs. There exists, perhaps, more frequently than has hitherto been suspected, a series of diplococci, intermediate between the typical pneumococci and streptococci. The diplococci of this type have been found in forty (40) per cent. of our cases. The differential diagnosis of these atypical diplococci from the pneumococci and streptococci is a difficult one, depending, as it does, upon general cultural characteristics. No single character, such as the presence of capsules or the fermentation of inulin, virulence, etc., has been found to be a certain criterion. The few agglutinative reactions we have made seem to show that these intermediate diplococci, those of Groups II, III, and IV, have no or only slight agglutinative affinities to the typical pneumococcus. Further tests must, however, be made with the various methods at our disposal before this statement can be accepted as final. These diplococci are of interest from the fact that they have been found in the blood during life, and in the pial exudate of cases of meningitis, endocarditis, etc. 6. Our studies have thrown no light whatever upon the conditions which determine the onset of lobar pneumonia in apparently healthy persons. Moreover, we have been unable to draw conclusions as to the presence of pneumococci in the lungs during life, or as to the channels by which they gain access thereto.
1. In the course of experiments for obtaining pneumococci from the oral secretions of human individuals, the "plate method" described in this paper was found to be the most reliable method for isolating pneumococci. 2. An alkaline two-per-cent, glucose-serum-agar was regarded as the most favorable medium for the rapid development of colonies of the pneumococcus. 3. The morphological identification of the pneumococcus was made by means of a special capsule-stain. The recognition of the organism was accomplished with precision and reliability when present in the blood and exudate of test animals, and upon the various culture media employed. 4. Pure cultures of pneumococci could by the methods described be obtained within forty-eight hours for inoculation into animals for tests of virulence. 5. Normal persons often harbor the pneumococcus in their mouths. Of the seventy-eight cases examined, thirty-nine showed the presence of the pneumococcus. 6. In a second and larger series of studies on so-called normal cases by means of cultures made from the throat on Loeffler's medium, the organism was detected seventy-one times in 204 examinations, or in 348%. In 145 cases the Streptococcus mucosus capsulatus occurred eight times (5.5%), and the Friedländer bacillus twenty-one times (14.5%). 7. Certain individuals may acquire the pneumococcus in their mouths in the hospital wards, and may continue to harbor it for a considerable period of time. 8. The pneumococcus may persist for days or weeks in the mouths of patients who have recovered from pneumonia. 9. From a study of patients in the hospital wards, certain conclusionsin regard to communicability were drawn. "Normal" individuals, in whose mouths the pneumococcus is repeatedly found to be absent, may acquire the organism by association with pneumonia or "positive normal" cases. The handker-chiefsand dishes of pneumonia and "positive normal" cases are to be regarded as some of the means of transference of the organismfrom person to person. The lips of drinking-cups and the sputum or saliva in sputum cups were found to contain living and virulent pneumococci. 10. Certain characteristic morphological types of the pneumococcuswere regularly met with in this study. These include the following: (1) the typical, (2) the small, (3) the large, (4) the bacillary, and (5) the streptococcus type of the pneumococcus. 11. Pneumococci in the mouths of normal individuals possess the morphological and cultural properties which are characteristic of the same organisms when isolated from other sources. 12. All pneumococci possess the power of fermenting inulin with the formation of acid, even if not in all generations. But this holds true only when the inulin serum-water medium as modified by the writer is used. 13. A certain configuration of the colonies, designated by the term "ring-form," when present is diagnostic of the pneumococcus. 14. The percentage of virulent pneumococci present in the mouths of normal persons was 79; in cases of pneumonia, 77. 15. Pneumococci of the large mucoid type, and giving large mucoid colonies, should be distinguished from the Streptococcus mucosus capsulatus. 16. There are doubtful diplococci of atypical morphology which can be grouped neither with the pneumococci nor with the streptococci, although they possess many features in common with both. 17. The Streptococcus mucosus capsulatus belongs to a group which is related to, but distinct from, the pneumococcus. 18. Morphological characters and animal tests are of greatest value in the identification of the pneumococcus. By the employment of suitable culture media it is possible, in most instances,to recognize the pneumococcus by its morphology alone. The chief cultural tests are the following: the manner of growth upon the serum-glucose-agar, and the modified inulin-serum water, and the appearance of the "ring-type" of colony. 19. All pneumococci, irrespective of their source, were agglutinatedby means of pneumococcus immune serum. 20. An immune pneumococcus serum was found capable of agglutinating various pyogenic streptococci, certain atypical organisms, and several strains of the Streptococcus mucosus capsulatus. 21. The serum of pneumonia patients varied in its power to agglutinate different pneumococci. Some strains were agglutinated, others not. 22. The sera of normal individuals and of normal rabbits possess no agglutinating power for pneumococci, the atypical organisms, certain streptococci, and the Streptococcus mucosus capsulatus.
The work carried on under the auspices of the Medical Commission for the Investigation of Acute Respiratory Diseases, at the Bacteriological Laboratory of the College of Physicians and Surgeons, Columbia University, has consisted principally of a comparative study of the morphology, growth characters, fermentative activities, and agglutination reactions of pneumococci and allied organisms isolated by ourselves and the various workers under the Commission. These organisms were from two chief sources: (a) from the mouth and naso-pharynx of supposedly normal persons and persons suffering from minor inflammations of the naso-pharynx, and (b) from definitely pathologic sources, such as pneumonic sputum, pneumonic lungs, empyaema, the circulating blood of pneumonia patients, septicaemias, meningitis, and various minor lesions, usually due to infection with pneumococci. One of the principal objects of the study was to make a careful comparison, in the light of the most recent knowledge of the biology of the pneumococcus and by the aid of the latest biological and technical methods, of the series of organisms from these two sources, and thus to determine definitely the true nature of pneumococcus-like organisms occurring in the mouths of normal persons. The second and equally important object, ultimately dependent, however, upon the solution of the first, was the determination of the frequency of occurrence of typical pneumococci in the mouths of healthy individuals. The investigations detailed in the present paper have dealt chiefly with the first problem and incidentally with the second, and lead to the following conclusions: (a) That organisms, not to be distinguished by morphological characters or by any physiological peculiarities from true pneumococci derived from pathologic sources, occur with frequency in the mouths of healthy persons and those suffering from slight inflammations of the naso pharynx, and that the only permissible and legitimate conclusion is that these organisms are true pneumococci. (b) That there are other organisms in normal mouths and from pathologic sources that morphologically or by staining reactions are not definitely to be distinguished from pneumococci, and can only be recognized by a careful study of their fermentative activities and agglutination reactions. These organisms are non-inulin fermenters. (c) That the organism known as Streptococcus mucosus is at times found in cultivations from the mouths of apparently healthy individuals, and that, although it shows certain peculiarities distinguishing it from the typical pneumococcus, it is probably very closely related to, and a variety of, this species.
I. In moist sputum kept in the dark at room temperatures the average life of the pneumococcus is eleven days, though considerable variations may be noted in different specimens of sputum. In the same sputum kept at o degrees C. the average life of the organism is thirty-five days. In sputum kept at room temperature and in a strong light the pneumococcus lives less than five days. II. In dried sputum (a) in the dark the pneumococcus lives on an average thirty-five days; (b) in diffuse light, thirty days; (c) in sunlight, less than four hours. III. In powdered sputum even when kept in the dark the death of the pneumococcus takes place in from one to four hours. When exposed to sunlight death occurs within an hour. IV. No important differences were noted in the life of the pneumococcus when dried on glass, tin, or wood. On cloth the life was usually slightly longer than on non-absorbing surfaces. V. Sprayed sputum particles remain in suspension for twenty-four hours, but all masses of a size sufficient to contain bacteria settle at a rate of about 40 cm. per hour. VI. When sputum containing pneumococci is sprayed the organisms rarely survive for more than an hour, and often die in less time. The substance upon which the particles fall makes but little difference in the life of the organism. On cloth a slight prolongation is occasionally noted, due perhaps to the slow drying. VII. The mucus of the sputum exerts a destructive action on the pneumococcus. VIII. Exposure of bacterial spray to sunlight while in suspension results in the destruction of the pneumococcus within half an hour.
IT WILL BE SEEN FROM THE ABOVE THAT WE HAVE STUDIED THE CONDITIONS ASSOCIATED WITH THE DEPOSIT OF CALCAREOUS SALTS: (I) in connection with normal and pathological ossification, and (2) in pathological calcification as exhibited in (a) atheroma of the vessels; (b) calcification of caseating tubercular lesions; (c) calcification of inflammatory new growth, and (d) degenerating tumors; and we have induced experimentally deposits of calcareous salts in the lower animals: (a) within celloidin capsules containing fats and soaps; (b) in the kidney, and (c) in connection with fat necrosis. I. We have found that bone formation and pathological calcareous infiltration are wholly distinct processes. In the former there is no evidence of associated fatty change, and the cells associated with the process of deposition of calcium are functionally active. In the latter there is an antecedent fatty change in the affected areas, and the cells involved present constant evidences of degeneration. The view that would seem to account best for the changes observed in the latter case is that with lowered vitality the cells are unable to utilize the products brought to them by the blood, or which they continue to absorb, so that the normal series of decompositions associated with their metabolism fails to take place and hence they interact among themselves in the cytoplasm with the result that insoluble compounds replace soluble ones. II. Besides the fact that calcification is always preceded by fatty change within the cells, another fact should be emphasized. namely: that combination of the fats present with calcium salts to form calcium soaps tends to occur. The stages immediately preceding these are difficult to follow with anything approaching certainty, perhaps because the earlier stages vary under different conditions. In fat necrosis, for instance, the cells affected are normally storehouses for neutral fats, and as long as they remain healthy neutral fats alone are present in them. When they are subjected to the action of the pancreatic juice with its fat-splitting ferment the cells are killed and coincidently the neutral fats are decomposed, fatty acids being deposited. The fatty acids now slowly combine with the calcium salts. In degenerating lipomata the process would seem to be similar. But in other cases the cells are not obviously fat-containing in the normal state; nevertheless prior to calcification they undergo so-called fatty degeneration, which is really a form of cell degeneration accompanied by fat infiltration. As regards the source of the cell fats in general we may safely accept: 1. That fats are transported in the blood as diffusible soaps. 2. That taken up by the cells these soaps may either- (a) Be reconverted into neutral fats and become stored in the cytoplasm as such, or (b) undergo assimilation proper, becoming part and parcel of the cell substance, in which case they are not recognizable by the ordinary microchemical tests. 3. If these two possibilities be accepted it follows that the appearance of fats and soaps in the degenerating cell may be due to either- (a) Absorption or infiltration of soaps from the surrounding medium, the degenerating cell retaining the power of splitting off the fat but being unable to utilize this in metabolism. (b) Cytoplasmic disintegration with dissociation of the soap-albumen combination or, more broadly, liberation of the fats from their combination with the cytoplasm. The appearances seen in the cells of atheromatous areas indicate that the first of these does occur. III. In areas undergoing calcareous infiltration we have demonstrated. the presence of soaps, and this often in such quantities that they can be isolated and estimated by gross chemical methods. By microchemical methods also we have been able to show that after removing all the neutral fats and fatty acids by petroleum ether there remains behind a substance giving with Sudan III the reaction we associate with the presence of soap. And experimentally we have produced these soaps within the organism, more particularly by placing capsules containing fats and fatty acids within the tissues and after several days finding that the capsules contain calcium soaps and possess a calcium content far in excess of that of the normal blood and lymph. IV. While these are the facts, certain of the details of this reaction demand elucidation. The existence of sodium and it may be potassium soaps in the degenerated cells is comprehensible if we accept that these are present in the circulating lymph and simply undergoing absorption. But even then, as these are diffusible substances how is it to be explained that they become stored up in these particular areas? We have found that, as a matter of fact, in regions which give the reaction for soaps, but which give no reaction for calcium (which therefore presumably contain at most amounts of the insoluble calcium soap too small to need consideration, the ordinary solvents for potassium and sodium soaps do not forthwith remove the stainable material; they are relatively insoluble. The reason for this insolubility is suggested by the observations made in the test tube, that soap solutions mixed with solutions of white of egg or blood serum form a precipitate of combined soap and albumen, which likewise is insoluble in water and alcohol. The indications are therefore that in cells undergoing degeneration, with degeneration of the cytoplasm, certain albuminous molecules unite with the soaps present to form relatively insoluble soap-albuminate. V. With regard to calcium soaps, these are also present and in certain stages appear to be the dominating form in the affected tissues. Two questions suggest themselves, viz.: what is the source of calcium, and what is the process by which they become formed? As to the source, the amount present in well-marked calcification is far in excess of the normal calcium contents of the affected tissue. If in the kidneys of experimental calcification three hundred times as much calcium may be present as in the normal kidney (von Kossa), the calcium must be conveyed to the part by the blood and lymph, and that this is so is demonstrated, as we have pointed out, by the distribution of the infiltration in solid organs, that like ovarian fibroids have undergone necrosis, in which the earliest deposits are superficial. As to the process, there are three possibilities: 1. That sodium and potassium soaps and soap albuminates are first formed and that interaction occurs between them and the diffused calcium salts from the lymph, the less soluble-calcium replacing the sodium and potassium. 2. That under certain conditions the calcium salts act directly on the neutral fats present in the degenerating cells. 3. That the neutral fats are first broken down into fatty acids and that these react with the calcium salts to form the soaps. We are assured that the first process occurs and that because in the boundary zone of areas of calcification we can detect soapy particles devoid of calcium, identical in position and arrangement with the particles more deeply placed which give the calcium reactions. But this is not the only reaction. In case of fat necrosis we see clearly that the third process is in evidence. And we are far from being convinced that the second does not also obtain. We have been impressed by the large accumulation of neutral fats in the cells in cases of early atheroma and the absence at any stage of the process of recognizable fatty acid. While soaps, it is true, are compounds of fatty acids with alkalies, it is recognized in ordinary domestic life that they can be formed by the direct action of strong lye upon ordinary fats, and this even in the cold. It is quite possible therefore that there occurs a similar direct process in the organism. The point is worth noting, however, that this does not occur in healthy cells the seat of fatty infiltration. We therefore leave this an open question, only laying down that, as indicated by the hyalin albuminous matrix left when calcium salts are dissolved out of an area of calcification, there must exist a calcium soap- or fat-albuminate similar to the potassium and sodium soap-albuminates already mentioned-such an albuminate as we can form with calcium soaps in the test tube. VI. In old areas of calcification soaps are largely if not entirely wanting, although these are to be detected at the periphery, when the process is still advancing. The reactions given by these older areas are almost entirely those of calcium phosphate, though some calcium carbonate is at times to be made out. This seems surely to indicate that the final stage in calcification is an interaction between the calcium soap-albuminates and substances containing phosphoric and carbonic acids. Such substances, it is needless to say, are present in considerable amounts in the lymph and blood. We must conclude that the acid sodium phosphates of the lymph act on the calcium soap, the highly insoluble calcium phosphates being formed (plus the albuminous moiety of the original compound) and diffusible sodium soap being liberated, while similarly alkaline carbonates form calcium carbonate and liberate sodium and potassium soaps. Calcium phosphate and calcium carbonate thus become the insoluble earthy salts of old crystalline areas of calcification. VII. As already stated very little soap is to be found in these old areas. It is possibly worth suggestion that the soaps liberated in this last reaction, as they diffuse out, again react with diffusible calcium salts and form calcium soaps which once more react with the alkaline salts to produce the phosphates and carbonates; that, in short, they have a katalytic action. (ABSTRACT TRUNCATED)
From the experiments detailed in this paper it may be concluded that Amanita phalloides contains besides phallin, or the haemolytic principle of Kobert, another body of toxic nature. Phallin is thermolabile, and is destroyed by the action of pepsin and pancreatin. The other toxic body is thermostable and is resistant to pepsin and pancreatin. The two substances, moreover, possess different toxophoric and haptophoric groups, since an antiserum produced by the immunization of animals to the thermostable body has no neutralizing effects upon phallin. The thermolable body, phallin, produces the subcutaneous oedema and haemoglobinuria, and, in virtue of its blood-laking properties, the pigmentation of the spleen. The thermostable body produces haemorrhage and necrosis, and the fatty degeneration of the parenchymatous organs. The two bodies exist side by side in watery extracts of the fungus, but they cannot be considered as two constituents of a single poison exerting a variety of effects. To the haemolysin the name phallin has already been given by its discoverer, Kobert. For the thermostable substance described now for the first time, the name Amanito-toxin is proposed provisionally.
In certain animals, in addition to the protoplasmic fibrils of the stratum filamentosum that are present normally in human epidermis, there are well developed fibrils in the cells of the stratum germinativum. These fibrils are present in the human epidermis only under conditions of increased cell activity. These fibrils, that are prominent in the stratum germinativum of human epidermis under conditions of increased cell activity, seem to increase in direct ratio to rapidity of cell production. The differentiation of these fibrils of the stratum germinativum into the finer fibrils which connect the cells of the stratum filamentosum can be observed under proper conditions of growth and therefore there should be no separation of the fibrils into different groups with various names. This process of fibre production by the cells of the human epidermis is analogous to increased fibre production by various other cells under similar conditions, and may be of importance in identifying or classifying new growths of epithelial origin.
1. The facts described in this paper are intended to bear upon the pathogenesis of colitis in man and animals. 2. The toxin of the Shiga dysentery bacillus is liberated from the bacillus through the process of autolysis. 3. In rabbits the toxin is not absorbed directly in an active form by the gastro-intestinal tract; in man, however, absorption of an active poison does take place from the intestine. 4. The toxin is excreted in rabbits, and probably in man as well by the intestine, chiefly probably by the large intestine, which being injured by the act of elimination, reacts by the development of inflammation, etc. 5. In rabbits the characteristic action of the toxin depends upon the integrity of the biliary secretion into the intestine. When the bile is prevented from entering the intestine, either by ligature and section of the duct or by establishment of a biliary fistula, no lesions whatever of the large intestine appear, or they are inconsiderable in extent. 6. The loss of toxin through a biliary fistula does not prevent in rabbits the lethal effects which are caused, apparently, by a nervous poison. The tying off of the bile duct seems to prevent the passage of the toxin, in amounts sufficient to cause the large intestinal lesions, into the blood. The liver, therefore, in this condition tends to hold back the toxin from the general circulation. 7. The peculiar effects of the toxin on the large intestine in rabbits is not produced at once, but would appear to depend upon successive acts of excretion of the poison by the bowel. 8. The establishment of biliary fistula reduces the intensity of action of corrosive sublimate upon the large intestine in rabbits; and the lesions of ricin poisoning in these animals are also modified by this operation. 9. Dysentery toxin is destroyed by peptic digestion, and also, though probably more slowly, by tryptic digestion. The absence of power of the toxin to cause poisoning in rabbits when it is brought directly into the lumen of the intestine, is not explained by the destructive action of trypsin. 10. The character of the histological changes in the caecum of rabbits caused by the dysentery toxin points to an action upon the substance and not primarily upon the surface of the intestine.
Acids, alkalies, salts, glucosides, and certain toxins diffuse more quickly into 0.9 per cent. salt solution than into agar-agar and gelatin suspensions. The inhibitory effect of the colloids grows with increase in concentration, which increase affects both the velocity and extent of the diffusion. In the case of gelatin the degree of diffusion is approximately in inverse proportion to the square root of the concentration. Agar-agar in strengths up to 2 per cent. inhibits far less than gelatin in 10 per cent. suspensions; and the difference in degree of inhibition exercised by 0.5 per cent. and 2 per cent. agar-agar is a small one. Haemolytic substances diffuse from gelatin into agar-agar more slowly than from saline into agar-agar. But the velocity of diffusion from agar-agar into gelatin is greater than from saline into gelatin. The effects of differences in concentration of the haemolytic agent vary according to the agent and the manner of its solution. When the haemolyser is dissolved in salt solution the diffusion of 1/100 N. and 1/1000 N. solutions (saponin) is almost identical; while with solanin the stronger solutions diffuse faster. When the haemolyser is dissolved in the colloid diffusion into fluid media is nearly proportional to the concentrations of the haemolytic agent. The velocity of diffusion into and from colloids is in general proportional to the square root of the time. Acids, alkalies, salts, and glucosides act in a manner which is in agreement with this rule. Cobra lysin and tetanolysin do not act in conformity with the rule. Cobra lysin appears to diffuse into colloids more slowly, proportionally, than cobra neurotoxin, and tetanospasmin more slowly than tetanolysin. The biological method described in this paper for studying diffusion in colloids is applicable to haemolytic and some other toxic substances, and, with accuracy possibly only to such substances possessing relatively simple compositions. Since all diffusion in the living body takes place within colloidal media of different concentrations, it would seem desirable to perfect methods through which the interaction of toxic chemicals and the fluids and cells of the body may in a manner be imitated in vitro. Through this means our knowledge of toxicology may well be extended.
IN ADDITION TO THE RESULTS BROUGHT OUT IN THE SEPARATE SECTIONS I WISH TO DIRECT ESPECIAL ATTENTION TO THE FOLLOWING CONCLUSIONS: (1) In ten cases of Cheyne-Stokes respiration observed clinically, the alternate periods of respiratory activity and apnoea were associated with Traube-Hering waves of blood pressure. These cases may be separated into two groups characterized by the relation of the respiratory changes to the changes of blood pressure. In one group the period of respiratory activity was associated with a rise of blood pressure, the period of apnoea with a fall; in the other group, the reverse relations existed. The former group included two cases of Cheyne-Stokes respiration occurring with increased intracranial tension; the latter contained eight cases with cardiac and arterial disease. (2) By means of cerebral compression, periodic respirations may be produced experimentally, and the relation of the blood pressure changes to the respiratory variations are the same as in the clinical cases with increased intracranial tension, namely, a rise of pressure with each group of respirations and a fall with each period of apnoea. In the experiments, during each respiratory group, the blood pressure rises above the line of intracranial tension and with each period of apnoea it falls below this line. With the disappearance of this relation, the periodicity of the respirations likewise disappears. It is probable that the same relation between the blood pressure and intracranial pressure exists when Cheyne-Stokes respiration occurs clinically in association with increased intracranial tension. (3) Disappearance of the periodic respiratory activity in the clinical cases of both groups is accompanied by disappearance of the waves of blood pressure. (4) The waves of blood pressure cannot be regarded as a mechanical effect of the periodic respiratory activity; on the contrary the latter must be due to the changes of blood pressure, or both phenomena may be referable to a common cause. (5) Cheyne-Stokes respiration in states of increased intracranial tension, with blood pressure waves rising and falling above and below the line of intracranial tension, is due to periodic activity of the respiratory, vasomotor, and cardio-inhibitory centres, the underlying cause of which is an alternate anaemia and blood supply to the medullary centres. The vasomotor centre, as the result of periodic increase and decrease of the stimulus, shows periodic variations in its activity. It is stimulated to greater activity during the periods of anaemia, and partially relaxes with each period of blood supply. During the periods of anaemia, the respiratory centre loses its irritability for the acting stimulus, and is therefore apnoeic. It is finally stimulated to activity, either as a result of an increase in its irritability from a preceding rise of blood pressure, or from a great increase in the respiratory stimulus. The cardio-inhibitory centre is stimulated by the periods of anaemia. This stimulation causes slowing of the pulse, which passes off to a considerable extent with the following period of blood supply. (6) Cheyne-Stokes respiration has heretofore been regarded as always the manifestation of the same conditions and capable of the same explanation; the results of this work, on the contrary, show that two distinct groups of cases may be recognized, depending upon the relation of the blood pressure changes to the periodic respiratory activity.(19) (7) The medullary centres show great differences in their susceptibility to anaemia. The respiratory centre is very susceptible to a much reduced blood supply; its irritability is rapidly reduced or lost upon the occurrence of marked or complete anaemia, and is rapidly regained when the blood supply is renewed if the anaemia has not been maintained too long. The effect of a considerable anaemia upon this centre is entirely different from that of a normal or somewhat reduced supply of blood which is more venous than normal, that is, contains more carbon dioxide and less oxygen, such as occurs with ordinary asphyxia. The vasomotor and cardio-inhibitory centres are not nearly so susceptible to anaemia. The former centre may, and frequently does, respond when in a condition of complete anaemia. (8) I am able to confirm, as a result of my experiments upon cerebral compression, in all essential details the conclusions of Cushing, and the general law formulated by him, namely that "an increase of intracranial tension occasions a rise of blood pressure which tends to find a level slightly above that of the pressure exerted against the medulla."
1. The action of different antivenins is highly, although not absolutely, specific for the venoms for which they are prepared. The antivenomous effect is demonstrable by experiments on toxicity (in vivo) and on haemolysis (in vitro). 2. Anticrotalus and antimoccasin sera possess therapeutic properties of high degree. By their employment before the stage of extreme prostration has been reached, poisoned guinea-pigs can be saved. 3. The standardization of antivenins must be made separately for the antitoxic and antihaemolytic actions, since these do not bear a constant and invariable relation to each other.
Intraspinal injections of magnesium sulphate, in doses which do not affect the respiratory centre or other vital function, are capable of abolishing completely all clonic convulsions and tonic contractions in cases of human tetanus, and experimental tetanus in monkeys. The relaxing effects of the injections may last twenty-four hours or longer. In experimental tetanus in monkeys early intraspinal injections of magnesium salts are capable of retarding the progress and development of the tetanic symptoms.
Blood serum contains normally certain principles which inhibit serum haemolysis by interfering with the action of complement. In the case of most sera the anticomplementary action appears only after heating to 56 degrees C. or higher. The inhibiting action of this principle is directed against alien as well as native complements, and is non-specific in character. It would appear as if the inactivation of serum at 50 degrees C. or thereabouts were due to a partial liberation of the antilytic principle which just about suffices to neutralize the action of the native complement. As the temperature of the serum is raised, up to a certain point, more and more of the antilysin is set free until the serum comes to contain an overplus, in excess of the quantity neutralizing its own complement, which is capable of interfering with the action of additional native or alien complements. Serum heated to 90 degrees C. is less antilytic than serum heated to 70 degrees C., either because the antilysin has entered into new, more stable compounds which prevent its action, or, as is more probable, because of the liberation from the serum of a second group of principles in themselves haemolytic directly, or indirectly by increasing the power of serum haemolysins (auxilysins). This latter action tends to mask and to suppress the inhibitory influences of the antilysin. The antilysin is removed from serum by digestion with many kinds of blood corpuscles which, apparently, absorb the principle. While, by reason of this treatment, the serum is deprived of its inhibitory power, the corpuscles have acquired greater resistance to serum haemolysins. By treating blood serum and corpuscles with ether the antilysin can be extracted. The ethereal extract, freed from lecithin and certain related bodies, contains the antilysin in a concentrated but not in a pure form, which can now be taken up in saline solution in which it dissolves. The saline solution of the antilysin, which for convenience has been denominated "protectin," behaves in all respects like the native antilytic sera except that it is uninfluenced by temperatures of 90 degrees C. or even higher temperatures. Protectin inhibits serum haemolysis directly by neutralizing complement and indirectly after absorption by corpuscles by increasing their resistance. Hence it is highly probable that the antilytic principle of heated serum and protectin extracted from serum and corpuscles are the same substance. Thermostability is one of the characteristic properties of protectin. Serum and corpuscles, first dried, may be heated to 150 degrees C. without losing the protecting principle, and the principle persists in such heated products for at least two years. Protectin in solution is unaffected by a temperature of 100 degrees C. maintained for one hour, and suffers only slight reduction in activity at the expiration of two hours; while temperatures ranging from 135 degrees to 150 degrees C. bring about marked reduction in protective power. As these alterations are produced by high temperatures the reaction of the solution changes from acid, through neutral, to alkaline.
1. Bacillus malleiand its poison produce a variety of vascular lesions in the rabbit and the guinea pig. 2. The type of the lesion depends upon, (a) the virulence of the culture, (b) the sex of the animal and (c) the degree of acquired immunity. 3. The vascular changes of a proliferative and degenerative nature produced by the slow action of the glanders poison in rabbits and guinea pigs are analogous to the vascular lesions caused by sub-acute glanders infection in man. 4. The most common site of the glanders vascular lesions of animals and man is the peripheral vessels, and especially the smaller visceral arteries. 5. The aorta is a less common site of the experimental lesions. 6. The vascular lesions produced experimentally by Bacillus mallei and its poison consist of three processes, (a) exudation, (b) proliferation, (c) degeneration. 7. The lesions produced by sub-acute glanders in man consist of two processes, proliferation and degeneration. 8. The primary reaction of the vessels in experimental animals and in sub-acute human glanders consists of a proliferation of the endothelium of the intima. 9. The first degenerative changes observed in experimental animals and in sub-acute human glanders occur in the "innermost layer" of the media and not in the so-called " middle zone." 10. The cause of the degenerative change in the inner layer of the media appears to be interference with the nourishment of the circular muscle fibres of the media by proliferation of the endothelium of the intima.
The injection of rabbits' placenta into rabbits produces no isoprecipitins. From the incomplete experiments performed it would appear that placental injections into animals of the same species cause no changes in the generative organs. Further research into this question will be pursued. The injection of human placental nucleo-proteid, prepared from placental tissue made nearly blood free, does not produce an antiserum. This result confirms the conclusions of Pearce and Jackson, that nucleo-proteids act merely as mild toxic agents, without specific qualities. The injection, into rabbits, of human placental tissue, rendered practically blood-free, fails to produce any specific reaction. This confirms the view that the serum reaction following the injection of cells into a foreign organism is largely due to the blood contained in the injected tissues. The injection into rabbits, of the human placenta, made nearly blood-free, produces a weak " human reaction " which can be demonstrated by the reactions for precipitin, deflection of complement, agglutinin, and hemolysis. No specific placental reaction can be shown. This is in strict accord with the view that cytotoxines are not specific; that there is no morphological specificity. The anti-sera obtained showed no cytolytic action; therefore no specific syncytiolytic action could be demonstrated. If the information obtained in this investigation is applied to the theory of Halban, it will be noted that no experimental proof of the specific action of placental tissue upon the female generative organs could be demonstrated. The number of experiments performed, bearing upon this one point, were however too few to permit of a definite and final opinion. The work dealing with Veit's ingenious hypothesis was more complete and carried out by many methods, which would necessarily act as a check upon one another. As the results of all these experiments were in complete harmony, I feel justified in making a positive statement that no experimental proof of a specific placental immune reaction can be demonstrated by our present biological methods. Whether Veit's hypothesis, thus deprived of its biological proof, must in consequence be discarded, is a question which I do not consider myself competent to answer.
Eosin, if present in cultures containing tetanus spores, prevents the germination of these spores when its concentration (in glucose bouillon) reaches 0.2 per cent. When the concentration of the eosin sinks to 0.01 per cent., germination of the spores is no longer inhibited, but the vegetative bacilli developed from the spores execute a highly restrained form of multiplication. When the eosin concentration sinks to 0.001 per cent., vegetation and multiplication of the bacilli become more active, but no new spores are formed even after long periods of time. With glucose agar it is not until the concentration of the eosin in the cultures falls to .05 per cent. that sporulation again appears. At this concentration of the eosin, very few spores are formed ; but as the eosin sinks lower and lower, sporulation becomes more active, until with 0.001 per cent. it is essentially of normal degree. In concentrations of 0.003 per cent., eosin prevents perfect segmentation of the multiplying bacilli, with the result that, finally, long and convoluted threads of bacilli are produced. The spores which are formed in a medium containing 0.01 per cent. of eosin are often situated at the centre and not at one pole of the bacilli. Eosin in a strength of 2 per cent. is capable of destroying the vegetative bacilli, if the contact is prolonged to fifteen minutes, and in strength of 0.1 per cent., in twenty-four hours. Placing this latter mixture of bacilli and eosin in the sunlight greatly hastens the bactericidal effect, and the bacilli are found to be incapable of growth at the end of several hours. Eosin in high concentrations is not capable of killing the tetanus spores, even after long exposure to sunlight (thirty hours). The toxin production of tetanus bacilli grown in eosinized culture media diminishes as the concentration of the eosin increases. This effect is brought about partly by the restraining action of the dye on vegetation, and partly by its detoxicating action upon the poison., The toxin-producing power and the virulence of tetanus bacilli are not permanently modified by contact with eosin for a long period, or by successive cultivations in eosinized media. Eosin is likewise capable of restraining the vegetation of tetanus spores in the animal body. In spore threads inserted beneath the skin of rats, and surrounded with eosin in solution, a very restricted vegetation takes place. If the injections of eosin are repeated. vegetation soon ceases and the vegetated bacilli degenerate and disappear. The ungerminated tetanus spores remain alive in a latent condition indefinitely in the healed wound beneath the skin. These spores do not lose power to grow outside the body, or inside the body of animals under favorable conditions, or to produce toxin in a characteristic manner.
A histological study of six cases of myeloma shows a striking similarity of cell structure with differences of minor degree. The common characteristics of the cells are a finely granular, slightly basophilic cytoplasm, an eccentrically placed nucleus, a nucleolus, centrosomes, a nuclear membrane and a tendency to mural arrangement of the chromatin. With these characteristics there is a greater resemblance of the tumor cells to bone marrow plasma cells than to myelocytes. In most of the cases reported by other observers the cells show these characteristics and these tumors form a group within which the cells of individual cases show no greater variation than occurs in other tumor groups.
The bacillus of glanders may be so modified in virulence as to produce experimentally lesions differing widely in their histological features. The highly virulent culture causes primary necrosis and disintegration of the tissue followed by the invasion of the injured area by polymorphonuclear leucocytes. The bacilli of moderate virulence give rise to a primary lesion of an acute inflammatory nature in which the cells show no evidence of necrosis or disintegration. The attenuated bacilli produce primary tissue proliferation with the formation of epithelioid and giant cells. There is every grade of lesion between the acute exudative and the chronic proliferative depending upon the toxicity of the cultures. The glanders lesion whether exudative or proliferative is focal in character. The strong toxins of the glanders bacilli cause degeneration or necrosis of cells and exudation, while the dilute and weak toxins produce proliferation. The giant cell of glanders undoubtedly originates from the endothelial cell of the blood and lymph channels and is formed by division of the nucleus of the endothelial cell and not by cell fusion. Histologically the lesion of glanders resulting from the culture of a low degree of virulence is proliferative and is analogous to tuberculosis; the lesions are focal and bear an intimate relation to the glanders bacillus.
From these results it is permissible to draw the following conclusions which may be used to explain certain phenomena associated especially with the onset of acute pancreatitis. 1. The sudden marked collapse of acute pancreatitis has as its most important cause a toxin or toxins derived from broken down pancreatic tissue. This toxin or toxins seem to be most powerful in the stage of degradation just after the disappearance of the biuret reaction and are probably of the nature of aromatic and amino-compounds. 2. There are various contributing factors of toxic action as peptone and trypsin, but these are to be regarded as of secondary importance. 3. Mechanical irritation as stretching of the peritoneum and irritation of the caeliac plexus is a secondary cause. 4. The glycerine produced through the action of steapsin cannot be regarded as an important cause of collapse.
Fibrinous pleurisy produced by a sterile inflammatory irritant offers opportunity for study of the part taken by enzymes of leucocytes in the resolution of a fibrinous exudate. When turpentine is injected into the subcutaneous tissue of the dog, an abscess results, but when an equal quantity of turpentine is injected into the pleural cavity, there is abundant exudation of coagulable fluid and the serous surfaces are covered by a layer of fibrin. Accumulation of fluid which can be followed during life by percussion of the animal's chest reaches a maximum at the end of three days, and then gradually subsides, so that at the end of six days, in most instances, the cavity contains no fluid. Fibrin, though diminished in amount at the time when fluid has been absorbed, is still present, and gradually disappears; at the end of two or three weeks the cavity has returned to the normal, save for a few organized adhesions. Turpentine injected into the right pleural cavity may cause serofibrinous pleurisy on the left side; this inflammation may reach a maximum intensity at a time when pleurisy on the right side is subsiding. During the early stage of inflammation fibrinous exudate, freed from the serum by washing in salt solution, undergoes digestion when suspended in an alkaline (0.2 per cent. sodium carbonate) or in an acid medium (0.2 per cent. acetic acid). At the end of five days, at a time when fluid is disappearing from the pleural cavity, digestion fails to occur in an alkaline medium, but occurs with much activity in the presence of acid. During the first stage of the inflammatory reaction, when fluid is abundant and the fibrin which is present digests in alkali, thus indicating the presence of leucoprotease, polynuclear leucocytes are very numerous in the meshes of the fibrin. In the second stage, the exuded fibrin contains only one enzyme digesting in the presence of acid. At this time polynuclear leucocytes have disappeared and only mononuclear cells are embedded in the fibrin. Products of proteolytic digestion, namely, peptone and albumose, absent in the exuded fluid during the first day or two days of inflammation, are present after three days and are found in less quantity at a later period. The exuded fluid does not at any stage of the inflammatory reaction lose it spower to inhibit both enzymes contained in the leucocytes. The exudate remains alkaline throughout the period of inflammation, but its alkalinity is less than that of the blood and diminishes slightly with the progress of inflammation. Since the acids, which in vitro favor the action of the enzyme, present alone during the second stage of the inflammatory reaction, do not occur in the body, the possibility has suggested itself that carbon-dioxide brings this enzyme into action. If carbon-dioxide is passed through normal salt solution in which strips of such fibrin are suspended, digestion is greatly hastened. The normal inhibition exerted by blood serum upon the enzyme is overcome by carbon-dioxide and in the presence of a small quantity of blood serum, carbon-dioxide causes greater enzymotic activity than in the presence of salt solution alone.
If we glance again at the classification proposed by Andrewes and Horder we are struck at once by the fact that no hard and fast differences in fermentative properties characterize the various groups, and that the authors prefer to have recourse to the most frequent habitat of the organisms and to chemical tests, rather than to confine themselves to the latter method alone. From what has been said earlier in this paper, it becomes clear at once that the results gained by these authors are not convincing, for in their work they have failed to use the most favorable medium for growth of the organisms. And thus it can hardly be doubted that different reactions might have been obtained, under the conditions adopted by us. How otherwise could the fact be explained that of thirty-four of their pneumococci only eight fermented inulin. We had a similar experience while using the plain broth which led us to reject it as an unfavorable medium. Further, all our pneumococci fermented lactose with great rapidity. Andrewes and Horder report that eight of their series left lactose unchanged. Taking our own tests into consideration we find that working with but a small number of carbohydrates we were able to find six different varieties of streptococci among only 33 pathogenic strains. Which of the various substances is to decide us in the grouping of the organisms? Would we not find even greater variations from the most common type (see No. 4 in table) if we were to extend our tests over a larger series of chemical agents? These questions are difficult to answer and only extended experimentation with a great many streptococci and many media will clear up the doubtful points. In concluding it may be stated: 1. Streptococci vary considerably in their ability to produce acid from various carbohydrates. 2. Chemical tests of this kind should be made only in the media which are most favorable for the growth of the organisms. 3. Our results gave us six groups of streptococci, when tested upon dextrose, levulose, galactose, maltose, saccharose, lactose, inulin, dextrin and mannite, viz.: Those fermenting (1) all; (2) all but mannite; (3) all but inulin; (4) all but inulin and mannite; (5) all but inulin and lactose; and (6) all but inulin, mannite and saccharose. 4. In view of the comparatively small number of streptococci employed we are hardly warranted in making a definite classification. Perhaps a larger series of tests upon the media employed will enable us to divide streptococci into distinct classes characterized by certain fixed fermentative properties.
In normal serums of the majority of mammalian and avian blood there exists certain substances capable of activating venom haemolysin. They are extractable from serum by means of ether, and are capable of conferring upon the originally non-activating serum a power to activate venom, when mixed with the latter. The ethereal extract consists of fatty acids, neutral fats and possibly also some ether soluble organic soaps. The fatty acids and soaps, especially of the oleinic series, acquire certain characteristics of complements in general, when they are mixed with serum. They are inactive without the venom in the mixture; they are inactivable with calcium chloride; they exhibit a tendency to go off in activity with age; they are inactive or only weakly active at 0 degrees C., and they are extractable by ether. In testing the serum from which the ether soluble substances are removed, it is found that no venom activating property is left. Warm alcoholic extraction of such serum yields, however, a large quantity of lecithin. In the case of non-activating serums no venom activating fats appear in the ethereal extract. Lecithin exists in such serum in no less quantity than in the activating kind. The addition of oleinic acid or its soluble soaps to a non-activating serum, in a ratio which corresponds to the percentage of fatty acids or soaps contained in some of the easily activating serums, will make the serum highly active in regard to venom. In normal serum of dog there exists, besides the group of activators already mentioned, another kind of venom activators which has been identified as a lecithin compound acting in the manner of free lecithin. A very sharp differentiation of the haemolysis produced by this activator and by the other groups of activators is obtained by means of calcium chloride, which is powerless against lecithin or lecithin compounds, but effective in removing the action of the latter. This lecithin containing proteid can be precipitated by half saturation with ammonium sulphate, but is perfectly soluble in water, and is not coagulated in neutral alkaline salt solutions upon boiling. Alcohol precipitates a proteid-like coagulum and extracts lecithin from it; ether does not extract lecithin from this compound. Non-activating serums do not contain any such lecithin compound. Lecithin contained in other serum proteids, mainly as lecithalbumin, and perhaps as contained in globulin, is not able to activate venom. This is true of all the serums with which I worked; it matters not whether these fractions (obtained with ammonium sulphate) belong to the most activating serum (dog) or to the non-activating serum (ox). The non-coagulable portion of all heated serum contains a venom activator of the nature of lecithin. This activator is contained in a non-coagulable proteid described by Howell which is identical with Chabrie's albumon. As there is no ether-extractable lecithin in this portion of the serum, the activating property of heated serum must be due to this proteid compound of lecithin. That this lecithin proteid does not pre-exist in normal serum but is produced by the action of high temperature is true of all serums except that of the dog. In venom activation we know now that lecithin becomes reactive with venom when it is transformed from other proteid compounds into the non-coagulable form, the albumon. Howell's view of the non-existence of the non-coagulable proteid in normal serum seems to receive a biological support from venom haemolysis. Ovovitellin derived from hen's egg is one of the best venom activators of the lecithin proteid type. The cause of venom susceptibility of various kinds of blood corpuscles does not depend upon the existence of lecithin in the corpuscles, but solely upon the amount of fatty acids, and perhaps, also, soaps and fats, contained in the corpuscles. The protection which calcium chloride gives against venom haemolysis is proof of the absence of lecithin activation. From the stroma of susceptible corpuscles fatty acids or some fats can be extracted with ether. After ethereal extraction the stroma becomes non-activating, while the extract contains fatty acids and some soaps or fats, which when added to venom-resistant corpuscles render the latter vulnerable to venom. The corpuscular solution of non-activating corpuscles does not contain enough fatty acids. The larger the amount of fatty acids and soaps in the corpuscles, the easier the cells undergo venom haemolysis. Lecithin exists in the strorna of all kinds of corpuscles, but in a form unavailable for venom activation. The somatic cytolytic processes caused by venom requires intracellular complements. The experiments performed on the cells of liver, kidney, testis and brain of the guinea-pig and rat indicate that the substances which act as complements are inactivable by calcium chloride.
Opsonins reveal their maximum action in a medium of neutral reaction. No opsonization takes place in a serum which contains an amount of alkali corresponding to more than 1.6 c.c. of a 1/20 N. solution, or acid more than 0.5 c.c. of this concentration per 1 c.c. of serum. Of several normal blood serums titrated (lacmoid used as indicator) the average alkalinity was found to be equivalent to about 0.8 c.c. of 1/20 N. solution. The opsonic index obtained in the native serums is not the expression of the action of the whole content of opsonins, but only so much as the degree of optimum of the reaction permits to come into action. Estimation of the opsonic power should, therefore, be made in a medium of neutral reaction and in diluted serum. All serums have their opsonic power increased by diminishing the native alkalinity. Opsonins whose activity is suspended by an unfavorable reaction become immediately active as soon as the reaction is brought back to the neutral point, unless the acid or alkali employed approaches the strength of 1 N., at which point the alteration becomes permanent. Treatment of a serum with alcohol robs it of its opsonic power. The opsonic power of serum remains unaltered upon desiccation at 23 degrees C. In the dry state opsonins are preserved for two years. The temperatures of 100 degrees , 120 degrees , 135 degrees and 150 degrees C. do not destroy opsonins of the dried serum. Complements of serum are also siccostabile and are preservable in that state for several months. Dry heat of 135 degrees C. reduces but does not destroy the complementary power of the dried serum. The opsonins and complements of the dried serum regain their original thermolability when they are dissolved in a proper amount of water. Lastly, it may be emphasized that opsonins exhibit in their sensitiveness to reaction and resistance in the dry state to high temperatures certain properties characteristic of the ferments.
1. The determination of Wright's index of the opsonic content of the blood and other fluids of the body is open to serious and in part unavoidable errors and should be abandoned in its present form. 2. Conclusions based upon the determination of the opsonic content of the blood, according to Wright's method, are accordingly not uniformly reliable. 3. The percentage index is a valuable check on Wright's bacillary index, but likewise does not furnish an adequate idea of the opsonic content of the blood, unless carried out with progressive dilutions to the point of opsonic extinction. 4. The opsonins of normal blood serum are not specific. 5. The specificity of the opsonins in "immune" sera has not been satisfactorily established, but appears probable. 6. An opsonic immunity, in the sense of a continued high opsonic content of the blood does not exist. 7. In the blood and exudates of infected individuals substances may be present which exercise an inhibitory effect upon phagocytosis.
1. The liver of the dog in which necrosis has been produced by injection of haematoxic immune sera is characterized in the less marked forms by a storing up of nitrogen in the persisting living cells, while in the diffuse forms the total nitrogen content is but slightly above the normal. This last is to be explained by the great diminution in persisting liver substance which limits the power of nitrogen accumulation. 2. In all forms of necrosis there occurs an absolute increase of nitrogen precipitable by phosphotungstic acid (hexon bases) but the percentage increase, in relation to total nitrogen, diminishes in those forms (focal) in which the products of autolysis may be readily carried off by the blood stream and greatly increases in the diffuse form with large areas in which the circulation is seriously impaired. 3. Although the absolute amount of nitrogen representing arginin and histidin varies, a relative increase is evident when this fraction is compared with the total diamino-nitrogen. This increase corresponds to the degree of necrosis and attendant circulatory disturbance and indicates that in necrosis as opposed to degeneration (Wakeman) arginin is not split up by arginase. The lysin also bears a definite relation to the total hexon nitrogen. 4. The diamino-nitrogen of the normal liver after autolysis in vitro shows a slight variable increase over that of the unautolyzed, while the necrotic livers showed a decided decrease. 5. The diamino-acid nitrogen of normal horse liver is only about one half of that of the dog; the relative proportion of the bases is about the same. In necrotic livers with amyloid the diamino-nitrogen is markedly increased which is in accord with Neuberg's observations on the high hexon base content of amyloid.
1. The presence of blood serum has a decided inhibitory effect on autolysis. Thus in the normal unwashed organs the non-coagulable nitrogen increase was 100 to 300 per cent., while in the washed it amounted to 450 per cent. The washed necrotic livers showed an increase of from 600 to 850 per cent., while that of the unwashed necrotic was only slightly above the normal unwashed. 2. While the initial amount of non-coagulable nitrogen varies it is greater in those livers showing the more extensive forms of necrosis. The final amount of autolysis is also greatest in livers of this type. As regards the rate of autolysis fifty per cent. of the total occurs in the first day in the normal and in all types of lesions both washed and unwashed. The maximum is usually reached on the third day in the unwashed, while in the washed there is a continued increase to the eighth day. At this time in the necrotic livers about two to three times as much of the total nitrogen is in the form of non-coagulable nitrogen as in the normal. 3. In the necrotic tissue the initial controls show the content of monamino-acids, with one exception, to be practically doubled. In the washed necrotic the final amount is seventy per cent. of the total nitrogen against forty-six to fifty-seven per cent. in the washed normal. In all cases the monamino-acid nitrogen runs parallel to the nitrogen in non-coagulable form, but in relation to the total nitrogen it shows a greater increase in the washed than in the unwashed organs. 4. The ammonia production in the necrotic livers as shown by the partition experiments is greater than that in the normal and this increase corresponds to that of the non-coagulable nitrogen. In the experiments concerning the absolute production of ammonia in the presence of serum a greater amount was produced in the two and five hours' lesions than in the normal livers. On the other hand, the forty-eight hour diffuse necrosis equaled the normal and the focal fell below. 5. Arginase was obtained from normal but could not be isolated from necrotic livers. 6. No constant relation could be demonstrated between the anatomical lesion in the liver and the presence of leucin and tyrosin in the urine. Leucin was found occasionally in the urine, but none in the liver. On the other hand, tyrosin was constantly present in livers with diffuse but rarely in those with focal necrosis. In the instances of diffuse necrosis in which the liver and urine of the same animal were examined tyrosin was found in both. 7. The presence of large amounts of proteoses in the necrotic liver indicates that the elimination of these substances (colloidal nitrogen of Salkowski) under such circumstances may account for a part of the total nitrogen of the urine usually attributed to the monamino-acids.
1. In focal and diffuse necroses of the liver due to haemotoxic sera there occurs an increased elimination of total nitrogen with a corresponding augmented output of urea. The ammonia excretion becomes slightly diminished at first, but later rises somewhat above normal. The undetermined nitrogen is markedly increased. 2. In diffuse degeneration with no necrosis on the other hand only a slightly increased output of total nitrogen is evident. A rearrangement of the urea-ammonia proportion occurs in that the ammonia excretion is augmented while the urea elimination is correspondingly diminished. The undetermined nitrogen rises but little. 3. In control experiments with normal serum no effect is produced. 4. These results would appear to indicate that in lesions characterized by uniform degeneration of the liver parenchyma, in contradistinction to necrosis, there occurs no increased nitrogen elimination but merely a disturbance of the urea-forming function of the cell without the appearance in the urine of products of autolysis. On the other hand in necrosis, of even considerable extent, the total-nitrogen is greatly augmented, as is also the rest-nitrogen; while the production of urea, on account of the persistence of normally functioning liver cells, remains relatively unchanged. This "factor of safety"(32) possessed by the liver is, we think, one of the most important results brought out in this investigation and must be given great weight in any consideration of the chemistry of hepatic disturbances.
In necrosis of the liver of the dog produced by haemotoxic immune sera, the increased excretion of uric acid, purin bases and inorganic phosphorus pentoxide is the result of the hydrolysis of nuclear material occurring during the autolysis of the necrotic tissue.
1. Changes which occur in the fat content of the liver of dogs receiving haemotoxic serum bear no relation to the degree of necrosis produced by this serum. 2. An increase in water content of the tissue seldom occurs, but where present is due to the nitrogenous autolysis rather than to the deposition of fat. 3. The appearance of fat in the cell is not associated with a decomposition of the proteid component of the compound fats, but rather to a simple splitting off of the fatty radical. This is shown by the slight variations occurring in the percentage nitrogen of the fat-free substance. 4. The iodine equivalent diminishes as the fat content increases. This would indicate that in the fatty changes which occur, fats other than those containing oleate radicals make their appearance. 5. The ratio of phosphorus to nitrogen in the alcohol-chloroform extract remains practically constant in all degrees of necrosis. Hence the substances of the protagon and jecorin type hold the same relation to the lecithins during the autolysis as they do normally. 6. In a general way it may be said that the results obtained in the microchemical staining of the fats with Scharlach R agree with those found by chemical extraction methods.
The most marked differences, exclusive of pathogenic effects in man, between gonococcus and Diplococcus intracellulans are cultural ones, and consist chiefly in abundance of growth and choice of medium. Relatively larger doses of gonococci than of diplococci are required to kill young guinea-pigs, but the lesions are very similar in the two cases, and both organisms lose pathogenic power rapidly when cultivated artificially. Agglutinins, aggressins, protective power, and the amboceptors developed in the serum of immunized animals seem to be largely common to both diplococcus and gonococcus. Neither other Gram negative cocci nor Streptococcus pyogenes have any receptors in common with intracellularis and gonococcus.
1. None of the extracts examined are very potent in small doses. A noticeable effect, however, is produced upon the blood pressure by the extract of fifteen milligrams of shark testis. 2. A small dose of a five per cent. shark testis extract seems to show more pressor action than a larger dose of the same solution. 3. The fall of blood-pressure is due to a vaso-dilation. 4. After repeated (seven or eight) injections of almost any extract, an injection of more of the same extract, or of another extract, which would be rather potent as a "first" injection, causes very little if any response from the blood-pressure. 5. Continued boiling of an extract destroys the pressor substance. 6. The depressor action is then very pronounced and especially prolonged. 7. The depressor substance will dialyze. 8. The pressor and depressor substances cannot be separated by dialysis, because in the repeated sterilizations the pressor substance disappears. 9. The pressor and depressor substances cannot be separated by absolute alcohol, as each seems to be soluble. The solubility is not, however, very great, at least in the cold. 10. It seems impossible to separate the pressor and depressor substances by means of a difference in solubility in cold physiological salt solution, since the depressor substance is even more soluble in that solution than the pressor. And yet the depressor substance is not nearly all removed by this means, even though it is allowed to stand for some time. 11. After cutting the vagi, the recovery from the effect of the depressor substance is much more rapid than with the vagi intact. The amount of fall of blood-pressure is about equal in either case. 12. Extracts of the testis and pancreas of shark; of the testis and spleen of swordfish; and the spiral valve of dogfish show the presence of a pressor substance. 13. Extracts of the testis, spleen, pancreas and liver of shark; of the testis, liver, spleen and kidney of swordfish, and the spiral valve of dogfish show the presence of a depressor substance. 14. Extracts of shark ovary gave no result. I believe, however, that if sufficient of the parenchymatous tissue of the ovary had been obtained a result would have been given by this organ also.
From the liver of a young man who died of typical, " idiopathic" acute yellow atrophy of the liver, after an illness of six weeks, there were isolated and identified the following amino acids: Histidin, lysin, tyrosin, leucin, glycocoll, alanin, prolin, glutaminic acid, aspartic acid. These were found free in extracts of the liver, and presumably represent products of the autolysis of liver cells, although the amount of soluble non-protein nitrogen present in the extracts was so large as to suggest that there must be some other source for these substances. Small quantities of free proteoses and peptones, and of xanthin and hypoxanthin, were also found in the extracts. In the insoluble proteins of the liver the proportion of diamino acids was decreased slightly as compared with normal livers. The proportion of protein phosphorus was increased, probably because of active regenerative proliferation, while the sulphur was normal in amount. Iron was increased because of the large quantity of blood in the liver and the hematogenous pigmentation of the liver cells. Gelatigenous material was increased both absolutely and relatively, because of the loss of parenchyma and the proliferation of the stroma. The proportion of water to solids was much increased, there having been a loss of over two-thirds of the entire parenchymatous elements of the liver. The amount of fat, lecithin and cholesterin was not far from that normal for the liver.
1. Eosinate of thionin gives very satisfactory staining for blood smears. It is easily prepared and dissolves readily in methylated spirits. 2. In the methods heretofore employed for making mixtures of eosin and methylene blue derivatives, the eosinates of methylene violet and methylene azure are present in very small quantities or are altogether absent. 3. Thionol and thionin are probably formed in methylene blue which has been long boiled with dilute alkalies and silver oxide. 4. Good stains of eosin and methylene blue derivatives can be obtained by a variety of manipulations. 5. Methylated spirits is more economical as a solvent for this stain and better adapted for the simple technique above described than is methyl alcohol. There is some evidence that the staining act is of a chemical nature.
IN CONCLUSION WE MAY SUMMARIZE THE ABOVE BIOLOGICAL OBSERVATIONS IN A SERIES OF THESES AS FOLLOWS: 1. Cancer cells differ from other epithelial cells in respect to: (a) Size relations of nucleus and cell body; (b) power of indefinitely continued division. 2. Cancer cells differ from embryonic cells in absence of: (a) power of differentiation; (b) power of coördination of parts to whole; (c) power of self-regulation and limit of growth. 3. The continued development of the cancer cells is subject to the following factors: (a) the inherent potential of division of the cancer cells. (b) The natural resistance of the inoculated animals. The latter factor is usually regarded as the index of malignancy of a tumor and is based upon the percentage of takes together with the period required to kill the mice. Our experiments, however, show that the percentage of takes is independent of the time factor, and indicate the presence of a third factor which may be described as (c) the potential of "infectivity" of the cancer cells. 4. The potential of infectivity of cancer cells is characterized by more or less regular rhythms; these must be distinguished from rhythms of growth energy of the cancer cells which in all probability occur within the individual mouse. Without the division energy of the cancer cell this infectivity is inoperative, hence it follows that the cause of the infectivity lies within the cancer cell or is constantly associated with it. 5. Cancer cells differ from epithelial cells by virtue of this potential of infectivity combined with that of division energy. There is reason to believe that the latter is due to the action of stimuli and not to the liberation of a restrained growth power of embryonic tissue. There is reason to doubt that an initial and discontinued stimulus is responsible for these attributes of the cancer cells. Certain benign tumors, or vegetable galls, may be due to the action of such initial stimuli, but in them there is no infectivity. Embryonic tumors, due to embryonic cells, have a high power of differentiation combined with their division energy, but there is no infectivity. Infectivity distinguishes all cancerous growths from normal epithelium and from benign tumors or teratomata. 6. The rhythms of infectivity of cancer cells, erroneously regarded as rhythms of growth energy by Bashford, Murray and Boyen, appearing as they do in successive batches of mice which we may legitimately assume to have like powers of resistance, must have their cause in the cancer cells themselves. These cells, therefore, must be equivalent to parasites, or else parasites are contained within or associated with them. 7. Upon any other hypothesis it is difficult to conceive of cells creating a continual stimulus to their own growth energy, and it is still more difficult to explain the rhythms of infectivity. 8. Many lines of evidence point to the presence of some possible organism within the cancer cell; some organism which, acting as does Plasmodiophora brassicae within vegetable cells, underlies the infectivity of cancer cells and provides the stimulus for their continued proliferation. Upon such an assumption the numerous cases of cage infection find their explanation. 9. The various inclusions of the cancer cell which have been described as organisms have been disproved; yet the analogy of club root and the many filter experiments show that the cause of infection may lie within the cancer cell. It is conceivable that, like the yellow fever organism, such an incitant may be in the protoplasm and beyond our powers with the microscope to locate. 10. The spirochaetes which we have found in mouse cancer may have something to do with this infectivity of cancer cells. They may be useful in preparing the "soil" in new mouse hosts and making it susceptible to cell growth; or they may have intracellular stages in their life history which are too minute to be seen. The rhythms of infectivity, finally, may be an expression of the vitality of these spirochaetes or of the hypothetical ultra-microscopical organisms accompanying cancer cells.
The intravenous injection of pilocarpine nitrate causes in the dog a rapid and considerable increase in the output of lymphocytes through the thoracic duct. The corresponding lymphocytosis induced by the drug in the blood of this animal is not profound, and increased cell-output with the lymph will explain a large part if not all of it. Quickened lymph-flow and dyspnoeic breathing are accessory in the production of the large cell-output with the lymph, but it is mainly dependent on some undetermined element. The evidence points to the mechanical nature of this element. It is probably to be sought in direct pressure from contraction of smooth muscle, as suggested by Harvey, but his observation that atropine prevents the appearance of a lymphocytosis after pilocarpine cannot be quoted in proof because atropine much slows the lymph-flow, and thus decreases cell-output. These findings are in accord with the theory that makes mechanical factors responsible for rapidly appearing lymphocytosis. They show that there are more such factors than has been supposed. Especially do they indicate that the contribution of cells through the thoracic duct may be important in the production of lymphocytosis, and is not, as is often asserted, subsidiary to direct migration into the blood of cells from spleen, bone-marrow and the lymph-glands.
OUR RESULTS MAY BE BRIEFLY SUMMARIZED: 1. Blood, when defibrinated, soon loses its power to maintain the activity of the higher nervous centers, and its nutritive properties for all tissues quickly diminish. 2. Artificial fluids, as a substitute for blood, are not satisfactory. 3. The proper oxygenation of the blood is an indispensable adjunct in the resuscitation of an animal. 4. The heart usually continues to beat for some minutes after it ceases to affect a mercury manometer, and resuscitation of it within this period by extra-thoracic massage and artificial respiration is sometimes successful. 5. Resuscitation of the heart by direct massage is the most certain method at our command. 6. A proper blood-pressure is an indispensable condition for the continued normal activity of the heart. 7. Anaesthetics, hemorrhage and induced currents applied to the heart render resuscitation more difficult than asphyxia alone.
ON THE BASIS OF THESE FACTS WE FEEL JUSTIFIED IN MAKING THE FOLLOWING ASSERTION: Under normal conditions and during various procedures (namely, stimulation of the vagus centrally and peripherally, of the saphenus nerve centrally, and of the annulus Vieussentis, intravenous transfusion of 0.7 per cent. sodium chloride solution, intra-arterial transfusion of strong carbonate, bleeding and asphyxia) the pulse pressure is a reliable index of the systolic output.
The experiments on cerebral anaemia have enabled us to duplicate, by an entirely different method, many of the results obtained by anatomical division or removal of parts of the central nervous system. In some respects the method of anaemia permits of greater precision than the method of division or excision, and avoids, in great measure, the disturbances due to the wound and to the hemorrhage caused by the latter method. The method of general anaemia, as Couty pointed out long ago, leaves something to be desired in the matter of exact localization, but this objection may be met, in some degree at least, by appropriate methods of investigation. It is desirable that the results obtained by the method of section should be duplicated by some other method in order to eliminate as much as possible the effects due to the irritation produced by the anatomical lesion. Our results show, as we believe, that, of the bulbar mechanisms studied, the respiratory is the most automatic, the vasomotor in part automatic, and the cardiac like the swallowing mechanism, almost wholly dependent upon afferent impulses for the arousal and discharge of its normal activity. The eye reflexes return during the resuscitation period in the animals in which the cerebral anaemia has not been too prolonged. The motor cortex loses its excitability during anaemia, but may regain it after the reëstablishment of the circulation. The pilomotor mechanism is disturbed during the spasms which occur at a certain stage in the resuscitation. The temperature falls during the occlusion period, but rises again, often to far above normal, in the days following the anaemia. So many disturbing factors, such as the violent muscular contractions during spasms, enter into the problem that it is impossible to say that there is an actual disturbance of the temperature regulating mechanism although we are inclined to believe that this is the case. All the senses return, following cerebral anaemia, but sight and hearing may afterwards fail without causing the death of the animal. The mental processes may return without any apparent deficiency, if the period of anaemia has been short. After longer occlusion, apparent insanity has been seen, and in one case, apparent total loss of mental processes occurred. The reflex excitability of the cord returns rather early in the resuscitation period. Reflexes from the anterior part of the cord first involve muscles on the same side as the stimulus, and later cross to involve muscles of the opposite side. The spinal cord sometimes falls into much the same condition as that following spinal transection, and the scratch reflex appears. Spinal transection, when these reflexes have appeared, does not produce shock. Practically all phenomena of spinal shock may be reproduced without section of the cord. We conclude, therefore, that spinal shock is due more to the cutting off of the reflex pathways through the higher centers of the nervous system than to the stimulation of inhibitory fibers by the anaemia.
1. The nodules found in the spleen are islands of active haematoplastic tissue. 2. The bone-marrow, at least in the case which has been described, has been the primary focus of disease; some toxin has probably produced a chronic inflammatory change. 3. The bone-marrow, owing to its enormous sclerosis, has lost its haemopoëtic powers totally or to a marked degree and the spleen has reverted to its foetal power to form blood.
Our conclusions differ in a few points from those of our first work on this subject. We are able to sum up our observations in this series of experiments as follows: 1. The ophthalmo-tuberculin test is of limited value in the diagnosis of tuberculosis in cattle. In some cases the reaction is very slight (hyperaemia). In others more pronounced congestion with profuse exudates are noted. Accuracy of observation is important. We are inclined to rely primarily on the results of the first instillation of tuberculin. Second instillations in a few instances elicit reaction in non-tubercular animals. 2. In the majority of animals tested the reaction increased in its intensity with each subsequent instillation of tuberculin. This fact indicates the development of a local hypersusceptibility or anaphylaxis associated with a partial immunity; von Pirquet calls this condition "allergie" (9). 3. It is possible in some cases to create a condition of "allergie" in healthy cattle, when spaced instillations of tuberculin are made. It is evident, therefore, that the result of the first instillation of tuberculin should be made the only basis of diagnosis. Rosenau and Anderson (II) have recently called attention to this point in regard to the human subject. 4. When repeated instillations of tuberculin are made on the conjunctiva at short intervals (twenty-four hours, etc.) a local immunity results (No. 3D et al.). If the instillations are separated two weeks or more anaphylaxis results. 5. We, therefore, hold that if tuberculin (0.1 cubic centimeter) is carefully instilled into the conjunctival sac and if careful comparison of the instilled eye with the opposite eye shows that a reaction of varying intensity results in from ten to twelve hours after the first instillation, a tubercular lesion is present. 6. In our first report (7) we were inclined to believe that subcutaneous tubercular injection given previous to the ocular test would slightly inhibit it. We have since become convinced that this is true only to a limited extent, and that in some cases the ophthalmo-reaction is exaggerated by a subcutaneous injection of tuberculin. 7. The primary ophthalmo-tuberculin reaction is in direct proportion to the extent of the tubercular processes in the body. The more extensive the tubercular processes, the more anaphylactic the animal is. This is in direct variance with the condition in the usual subcutaneous tuberculin test. (See Necropsy Report.) 8. We are inclined to believe that the ophthalmo-tuberculin test will reveal tuberculosis at as early a state as the usual subcutaneous test. 9. The ophthalmo-reaction is of no value in determining whether vaccinated cattle are actively tubercular or not, or in demonstrating any hypersusceptibility in the offspring of tubercular cattle. 10. The cutaneous test from our brief series of experiments does not seem to be as accurate as the ophthalmic test. This conclusion has been reached by several investigators.
The leucocytes of the blood of normal individuals and of patients showing a marked polymorphonuclear leucocytosis contain enzymes capable of digesting coagulated blood serum in neutral, alkaline or acid solutions. The cells in pus that is composed principally of polymorphonuclear leucocytes and the leucocytes of the circulating blood in myelogeneous leukaemia contain similar proteolytic enzymes, which act best when the reaction is alkaline. The leucocytes of the circulating blood and of the enlarged lymph nodes from a case of large cell, acute, lymphatic leukaemia contain proteolytic enzymes that act qualitatively in much the same way as the leucocytes of pus and as the white corpuscles of the blood in myelogenous leukaemia. These large lymphocytes in acute lymphatic leukaemia can be differentiated biologically from the small lymphocytes in chronic lymphatic leukaemia which possess no proteolytic enzymes, and from the large endothelioid cells of the hyperplastic lymph glands which are proteolytic only in the presence of acid. These results seem to show that the large cells of the so-called acute lymphatic leukaemia are not true lymphocytes, but are nearly related to the granular myelocytes and should probably be considered as the forerunners to these cells.
1. The removal of one half, two thirds and sometimes three quarters of the kidney substance in the dog causes no change in the general nitrogenous metabolism as determined by estimations of the total nitrogen, urea and ammonia elimination by the urine. 2. The removal of larger amounts, and sometimes of three quarters of the substance, leads to the metabolism condition of starvation. This, however, is apparently the result of the gastro-intestinal disturbance constantly associated with extensive kidney reduction and not of a disturbance of general nitrogenous metabolism. 3. The determination of the amount of faecal nitrogen indicates that the gastro-intestinal disturbance is not due to diminished absorption; and except in one instance there was no evidence of its being due to an increased elimination of nitrogenous substances into the intestine. 4. These experiments do not support the theory that the kidney furnishes an internal secretion having an important influence on general nitrogenous metabolism. At least, if such a function exists, it is not disturbed by the removal of three quarters of the kidney substance. 5. The metabolism in excessive kidney reduction is that of inanition dependent on gastro-intestinal disturbances presumably due to faulty chemical correlation. In this connection further knowledge concerning the elimination into the intestine of toxic substances is desirable.
Epithelioid cells which form the chief element of tuberculous tissue contain an enzyme which causes active digestion of proteid in an approximately neutral or in a weakly acid medium, but is inactive in the presence of weak alkali. This enzyme resembles that which occurs in the large mononuclear cells of an inflammatory exudate and is more active than the similar enzyme of parenchymatons organs such as the liver. The enzyme which digests in the presence of acid exhibits greatest activity at a time when caseation is beginning. With advance of caseation its activity diminishes so that tissue which has undergone almost complete caseation exhibits trivial evidence of the presence of enzyme. It is probable that complete caseation is followed by total disappearance of enzymes. Tuberculous tissue contains an enzyme capable of digesting proteid in the presence of alkali (leucoprotease) only during the early stages of its development. This enzyme, present at a time when the tissue contains numerous polynuclear leucocytes, quickly disappears so that when enzyme digesting in acid is still active, leucoprotease has disappeared. The serum of a tuberculous pleural exudate obtained by intrapleural inoculation with tubercle bacilli causes slight inhibition of the mixture of enzymes contained in tuberculous tissue shortly after inoculation. The serum of blood causes complete inhibition of the enzymes contained in the same tuberculous tissue. Analysis of this difference indicates that the exuded tuberculous serum, like the serum of the blood, inhibits proteolysis caused by leucoprotease, but fails to inhibit digestion caused by an enzyme acting in the presence of acid. In testing this property of the exuded tuberculous serum lymphatic gland has been used because suitable tuberculous tissue has not been available. The serum of the tuberculous pleural exudate produced experimentally not only fails to exert the anti-enzymotic power which is exhibited by the serum of the blood, but is itself capable of causing active digestion of coagulated proteid. Normal blood serum does not digest proteid and the serum of a sterile inflammatory exudate obtained by injection of turpentine into the pleural cavity has caused very little digestion. The tests which have been made indicate that loss of anti-enzymotic power and ability to cause proteolysis increase with the age of the exudate. The foregoing facts offer suggestions which may serve to explain in part the nature of the tubercle and the changes which occur within it. The so-called epithelioid cells of the tubercle resemble the large mononuclear phagocytes of inflammatory exudates and both contain an enzyme of the same character. It is not improbable that caseation which, like autolysis, is accompanied by disappearance of nuclei is in part dependent upon the presence in the cells of this active proteolytic enzyme which is for a time held in check. Injury to cells by products of the tubercle bacillus or partial anaemia, the result of imperfect vascularization of the tuberculous tissue, may have a part in rendering these cells susceptible to self-digestion. Changes which have been observed in serum of the tuberculous exudate show that the anti-enzymotic property of the normal blood may be absent in the exudate of a tuberculous lesion. This loss of anti-enzymotic action, perhaps referable to changes caused by products of the tubercle bacillus, may favor self-digestion of the enzyme-containing cells and diffusion of their enzyme.
By a study of the enzymes contained in fibrinous exudates produced by injection of a sterile inflammatory irritant (turpentine) conditions have been found in which each of two enzymes occurs alone. The one, leucoprotease, digests in the presence of alkali; the other, resembling lymphoprotease, digests in the presence of acid, yet both exhibit almost maximum activity in an approximately neutral medium. It is probable that both enzymes, in the body, exert their greatest activity in an approximately neutral medium, slight changes in reaction increasing digestion by the one, and suspending digestion by the other. The enzyme digesting in acid, present in the fibrinous exudate obtained after a single injection of turpentine, disappears when repeated injection of the same irritant transforms the sero-fibrinous into a purulent exudate, and causes accumulation of leucoprotease in great quantity.
It is our belief that the analyses of histories of cases of epidemic meningitis which have been presented in this article furnish convincing proof that the antimeningitis serum when used by the subdural method of injection, in suitable doses and at proper intervals, is capable of reducing the period of illness; of preventing, in large measure, the chronic lesions and types of the infection; of bringing about complete restoration to health, in all but a very small number of the recovered, thus lessening the serious, deforming, and permanent consequences of meningitis; and of greatly diminishing the fatalities due to the disease.
Vaquez and Aubertin advance three theories in explanation of the adrenal hyperplasia; first, that it may not be the cause of hypertension but "an antitoxic hyperplasia" caused by the retained products of metabolism which may be responsible also for the hypertension; second, that it may be the cause of hypertension but secondary to the renal lesion; third, that it may be the cause of hypertension but may antedate the renal lesion or be entirely independent of it. They, as well as other French writers, insist that this hyperplasia is almost constantly associated with chronic nephritis of the interstitial type and it is seldom found with the parenchymatous type of nephritis, or with other lesions. Hyperplasia of the adrenal, as far as my material enables one to judge, does not occur during the first and second decades. In the third decade it is relatively frequent in the absence of chronic arterial and renal disease but reaches the maximum in association with such disease after the fourth decade. It is an almost constant lesion in arteriosclerosis associated with chronic interstitial nephritis and left-sided heart hypertrophy, but occurs with almost equal frequency in arteriosclerosis with chronic nephritis of the parenchymatous type. It is a relatively frequent lesion of arteriosclerosis without chronic nephritis and of the latter without arteriosclerosis also. As the result of this analysis one is led to the view that while hyperplasia of the adrenal is a very frequent concomitant of chronic renal and arterial disease it is not exclusively a feature of either type of nephritis or yet of chronic vascular disease; but it probably represents the effect of some factor operating in that period of life in which chronic renal and arterial affections are most frequent. Worthy of special emphasis is the observation that the characteristic lesion of an adrenal, the seat of local arteriosclerosis, is of the type of the chronic productive inflammation seen in arteriosclerosis of the pancreas and kidney; that is, thickening of the vessels, increase of connective tissue and round cell infiltration. Associated with these changes is a hyperplasia which is very constant, and which may be, in part, of the nature of a compensatory hyperplasia similar to that seen in the liver of cirrhosis and acute yellow atrophy. A hyperplasia of this type, as has been shown, may occur in destructive lesions of the gland. This, however, does not explain hyperplasia in the absence of local vascular changes which fact is, possibly, as suggested by Landau, evidence, not of a correlation between kidney and adrenal, but of a vicarious hypertrophy depending upon lesions of some other organ of the body than the kidney, possibly some other ductless gland, affected by arteriosclerosis or other disease.
The immediate effect of the operation on the portion of the kidney remaining is an infarcation of the tissue compressed by the sutures. This area of necrosis extends but a short distance into the adjacent kidney tissue. The infarcated tissue gradually becomes replaced by fibrous tissue and in three to four week's time the necrotic tissue entirely disappears. The amount of fibrous tissue in time becomes so slight and the healing so perfect that it is difficult to detect the site of the operation. The renal elements sometimes persist in the infarcated area and the glomeruli apparently are more resistant than the tubules. The tubules in the infarcated area sometimes become calcified and bone formation beneath the epithelium of the pelvis is of very frequent occurrence. The pelvic epithelium usually shows marked proliferation and may invade the field of operation in alveolar masses. Calculi may form in the pelvis of the kidney. Sutures penetrating the pelvis as well as the necrotic tissue resulting from the compression of the sutures probably furnish the nuclei for the calculi. Removal of approximately half of one kidney did not alter either the remaining portion of that kidney or the size of the opposite kidney in two animals of this series. These experiments were terminated on the thirty-fourth and forty-seventh days. In a similar experiment of twenty-one day's duration there was slight but definite atrophy of the remaining tissue of the kidney operated upon. Removal of approximately half of each kidney at one operation did not alter the remaining kidney tissue in two animals of the second group. The longest period of observtaion was fifty-four days. On the other hand in a similar experiment where 164 days elapsed, the remaining portions of each kidney had increased markedly in size. Removal of one kidney and approximately half of the other did not alter the remaining kidney tissue in six animals in which from five to fifty-six days elapsed before termination of the experiment. In six experiments in which one kidney was removed and approximately half of the other, three of the animals died as a result of the operation on the sixth, seventh and tenth days. The probable cause of death was renal insufficiency: the animals refused food, vomited persistently and lost strength and weight. The other three animals recovered and were killed at periods varying from five to eight weeks. The reduction of the kidney tissue to one quarter of its original amount at one operation was attained with danger but was not necessarily fatal. In every experiment there was a loss of weight varying from four to twenty-four per cent. To what extent this loss in weight is due to the reduction of kidney substance and to what extent it is due to diet and confinement it is impossible to say, as we made no control experiments to elucidate these points.
1. In work along this line it is most important to have a simple method of determining the catalytic activity of tissues. The method must be such that several observations can be made during a single experiment, so that a better idea can be obtained of the velocity of the reaction at various intervals. 2. The catalytic activity of human tissues varies greatly in diseases. A. Nephritis.-The kidney always shows the most marked reduction although the other tissues examined, blood, lung, liver, spleen, likewise show decrease in their power of decomposing hydrogen peroxide. This reduction varies directly with the severity of the pathological lesion in the kidney and the clinical symptoms. The urine also in cases of nephritis shows a much greater inhibiting power than normal urine. This may be accounted for by the reaction of the urine, and subsequent work must prove whether or not the kidney takes any more active part in nephritis and secretes into the blood and urine a substance which manifests itself by a reduction in the catalytic activity. B. The catalytic activity of the blood in the two cases of eclampsia which we have studied was not reduced. This is the most important fact we have so far obtained, if it can be substantiated, since it can furnish us with a ready ante-mortem means of differentiating eclampsia and nephritis. C.Pneumonia.-The lung in the stage of red hepatization has an increased catalytic activity. This increase varies directly with the number of intact red blood cells in the exudate, and in the engorged capillaries. Strength is given to this conclusion by the fact, that on the one hand, there is no increased activity in gray hepatization, while on the other hand, there is an enormously increased activity in the fresh hemorrhagic infarct. D. Tuberculosis.-The decreased activity of the lung in tuberculosis is probably due, for the most part, to the lack of blood in the diseased area, while the lowered activity which is present in the other organs is to be explained by the anaemia and emaciation which accompanies the process. Whether there is a specific catalytic inhibiting substance generated by the process, has not been determined. E. There was no reduction of the catalytic activity in the cases of diabetes mellitus and jaundice studied. F. In the one case of asphyxiation by illuminating gas, there was decided decrease in the catalytic activity of the blood. G. The tissues in the one case of congenital syphilis showed a marked lowering of the catalytic activity. 3. There is a slight decrease in the catalytic activity of the tissues due to post-mortem change, but this is so slight that it is hardly to be taken into consideration in the interpretation of the results obtained. 4. There is no marked change in the catalytic activity due to age. In concluding, we wish to thank Dr. A. S. Loevenhart, at whose suggestion this enzyme was studied, for the unfailing interest with which he has followed the progress of this work, and for the many valuable suggestions he has given us.
To determine the limits of recovery after a total anemia of the central nervous system, a series of thirty dogs was killed by chloroform and resuscitated after varying times from three to fourteen minutes. Under five minutes the recovery of function was rapid and strikingly free from the after effects which characterized longer periods. Of seven animals between the periods of five and six and one-half minutes, only one died apparently as a direct result of the anemia, but of twelve between the periods of seven minutes and eight and one-half minutes, only one, after seven and one-half minutes recovered. The remaining dogs all died. Further corroborative data are drawn from the previously published paper on the technique of resuscitation. Histological examination both of presumptive recoveries and fatal cases was made by ordinary methods and those of Nissl and Marchi. The neurocytes of the fatal cases uniformly presented the greatest change, not merely chromolytic but here and there definitely indicative of cell death. Marchi's method further supported these findings by proving the existence of fiber degeneration. Finally, showing the narrowness of the escape, the animal with best result in recovery, seven and one-half minutes in time, which at the end of four weeks had apparently entirely returned to a normal state, by the Marchi method had a degeneration of a number of fibers localized in the pyramidal fasciculi which were traced from the cord to the cortex, and in Flechsig's fasciculus, as well as a more sparsely scattered degeneration of both ascending and descending fibers elsewhere.
The four cultures which form the basis of this communication were recovered from peculiar cases of primary cervical adenitis in man, three of which terminated fatally of disseminated acute miliary tuberculosis in four to six weeks. A careful comparative study shows that Culture II corresponds closely with the "human" and Culture IV with the "bovine" type of tubercle bacilli; while Cultures I and III present variations from the standard types and are to be retarded as "intermediate" or "atypical" forms. Culture I is of unusual interest because of its remarkable variations. The clinical picture of the case, the rapid course of the infection, the enormous number of the bacilli in the tissue, their tendency to occur in "heaps" like the leprosy bacillus, the high degree of virulence alike for rabbits and guinea-pigs, the production of lesions in chickens, the case of cultivation and the prolonged viability under unfavorable conditions, all mark the organism as a decided atypical form of tubercle bacillus in man. The prolonged viability, the production of lesions in the chicken and the great profusion of bacillary growth in the tissues would indicate an avian type. Though for years the reaction curve was atypical it has since changed completely to the "avian" curve. In this connection it is of interest to note that L. Rabinowitsch (3) states that she has isolated avian tubercle bacilli from two cases of tuberculosis in man. Cultures II and III undoubtedly belong to the human type of the tubercle family though they were under cultivation and were repeatedly tested upon glycerine broth over a period of months before their identity was definitely established. Culture IV completely corresponds in growth and reaction in glycerine bouillon to the bovine strain; however, it manifests a low degree of virulence for rabbits which is exceptional for bovine cultures. The old belief that bovine bacilli are more slender and beaded in the tissues and are thicker and shorter in culture than the human type, I have not been able to confirm. The morphological characters of the different cultures here reported were so inconstant that no reliance could be placed on this feature as an aid in differentiation. Outside of the animal body it would seem that the differences in size and character of the individual bacilli depend largely on the kind and reaction of the medium, whilst in the animal body they are influenced by their situation and the resistance of the host. The nature of the growth of these tubercle cultures varies for the same culture even under apparently identical conditions. The character of the growth was never an indication of the type of the culture, It was common to obtain two distinct types of growth on the same flask of bouillon, i. e., a portion of the surface would be covered with a heavy and uniformly granular layer of closely packed wax-like colonies twice the size of an ordinary pin's head, while the other portion would be a dense homogeneous layer with the typical depressed blisters. The rapidity of growth also varied greatly for the same culture. Often in a series of twelve or more bouillon flasks which were prepared alike and inoculated with the same culture, some would cover the surface in eight days to two weeks, others would take four to six weeks, still others two to three months. It was thought in the beginning of the work that this variation might depend on the amount of oxygen within the flask or on the change in reaction in the bouillon, but further tests proved that neither of these influenced the rate of growth in any way. It would occur in loosely corked flasks as well as in those that were sealed, and in flasks where the reaction was neutral, acid or slightly alkaline. It would seem that these changes are by no means specific for any group of the tubercle bacilli but a property possessed by them all. The growth of the cultures on solid medium showed approximately the same variation as that from the surface of the glycerine bouillon. The wax-like colonies described by L. Rabinowitsch (3) as characteristic for avian tubercle bacilli were noted at times for all of the cultures. On the modified egg mixture the growth was always more rapid and profuse than on any other medium. I found this egg medium more certain than any other for the direct recovery of the tubercle bacillus from the tissues. Where it was desired to recover the culture from the animal tissues with certainty and celerity it had no equal. Occasionally in seven days after the inoculation of the tuberculous gland material the growth was sufficiently advanced to transplant to the bouillon flasks. The glycerine bouillon test serves admirably to distinguish between the human, bovine and avian types of tubercle bacilli. It is also of value in the determination of degrees of adaptation in man for bacilli of the lower host-species, and in the recognition of "intermediate" types. The test to be of differential value requires repeated application and careful control over a period of months. Some freshly isolated cultures may produce their specific reaction curve in glycerine bouillon within a few weeks. On the other hand the same culture may fail to give its characteristic reaction or any alteration in the glycerine bouillon for several months though the growth has been luxuriant and complete. The rise in acidity that occurs in glycerine bouillon for the human type of tubercle bacilli is due to a specific action on the glycerine of the products of disintegration of bacilli (autolysis); with the bovine and avian types the products of bacillary disintegration have no action on the glycerine. The fall in acidity which occurs for all three types of the tubercle bacillus is due to the products of metabolic activity.
1. Extracts of the rabbit's kidney injected into the rabbit cause a slight, increase in blood pressure which is barely more than that due to the mechanical effect of the injection. 2. Extracts of the dog's kidney injected into the dog cause a decided fall in pressure; an equal fall may be caused by the dog's urine. A series of control experiments indicates that the fall caused by the kidney extract may be due to the urinary salts which it contains. 3. Extracts of cat's kidney cause a rise in pressure. As the cat's urine causes a fall, this rise in pressure indicates the possibility of a kidney extract containing a pressor substance which cannot be influenced by the depressor substance of the urine. 4. Rabbit's kidney, which in the rabbit produces a slight rise, when injected into the dog causes a drop comparable to that caused by the dog's kidney itself. Similarly, the dog's kidney, which injected into the dog causes a drop, produces in the rabbit a rise analogous to that produced by rabbit's kidney. It is evident therefore that these pressor and depressor substances of the kidneys in question do not have a constant effect on all animals as do the extracts of the adrenal gland. 5. Extracts of kidneys which are the seat of various forms of nephritis cause the same effect as extracts of normal kidneys. 6. The serum of dogs with considerable reduction of kidney substance causes a slight fall in pressure; the serum of dogs with spontaneous nephritis gives divergent results, as does also the serum of rabbits with various forms of acute nephritis. The serum of dogs with chromate nephritis causes a slight rise, while that of dogs with uranium nephritis produces a sharp and decided fall in pressure. Although there is no uniformity in these results, their general character, and especially the experience with uranium and chromate sera of the dog, suggests that pressure-disturbing substances are present in the serum as the result of the kidney lesion. The very slight evidence of the constant presence of a pressor substance, however, offers little support to the theory that such a substance is furnished by the diseased kidney or is due to disturbances of metabolism caused by disease of the kidney.
THE LAST MENTIONED FACT MAY PERHAPS FIND ITS EXPLANATION IN THE FOLLOWING STATEMENTS: the two pleural cavities are separated by the layers of the anterior and posterior mediastinal septa. Between the two lies the heart. In the dog, the posterior seems to be somewhat tougher than the anterior septum, and somewhat more fixed and tense. With violent respiratory movements, it is the anterior septum which more especially flaps to and fro and bulges when an opening in the pleura has been made, and it is the anterior septum which is so apt to rupture and thus cause double pneumothorax and the death of the animal. When the dog is on its back, the heart falls backward and the bulging of the anterior mediastinal septum is made more easy. It is different when the animal is on its belly. The heart falls toward the anterior chest wall and thus supports the anterior septum: hence the flapping of the septum, the interference with the respiration of the lung on the sound side, the bulging on expiration on the open side, can not so readily occur. The danger of the open pneumothorax is greatly lessened when the animal is in the prone position. In the supine position the danger of the pneumothorax is due to the falling back of the heart and thus facilitating the rupture of the fragile anterior mediastinal septum; the danger is therefore obviated by fixing the pericardium to the anterior wall of the thorax.
1. In non-nephrectomized animals the addition of adrenalin to sodium chloride solutions or to mixtures of sodium chloride and calcium chloride solutions increases the amount of urine and of ascites, and diminishes the intestinal fluid (this diminution takes place only with mixtures of solutions of sodium chloride and calcium chloride, the quantity of intestinal fluid remaining approximately unchanged in the sodium chloride series). 2. In nephrectomized animals the addition of adrenalin to sodium chloride solutions or to mixtures of sodium chloride and calcium chloride solutions again increases the ascites and diminishes the amount of intestinal fluid in both sodium chloride and sodium chloride plus calcium chloride series. 3. We find, therefore, a summation of the action of calcium chloride and adrenalin in regard to their influence upon the formation of ascites, an antagonistic action in regard to the elimination of urine; here the influence of calcium chloride in diminishing the urine is more potent than is the action of adrenalin in increasing the amount of urine. The adrenalin decreases the elimination of fluid into the intestines and in this case we note a summation of the actions of calcium chloride and of adrenalin. 4. We see, therefore, that adrenalin and calcium chloride influence the amount of ascitic fluid and of intestinal fluid in the same direction. The amount of urine is, however, decreased by calcium chloride and increased by adrenalin. 5. If we increase the rapidity of inflow of the solutions and simultaneously decrease proportionately the time of the infusion, the amount of ascites and intestinal fluids in nephrectomized animals remains approximately unchanged, as compared with the amounts obtained at the usual rate of inflow.
1. Animals in which experimental myocarditis has been produced and winch are infused with sodium chloride solutions show a marked decrease in the amount of the secretion of urine. This decrease is even more pronounced than that produced when calcium chloride is added to sodium chloride solution. The intestinal fluid which is markedly decreased, and the peritoneal transudate which is increased by calcium chloride are, on the other hand, not markedly influenced by myocarditic lesions. We may, therefore, conclude that calcium chloride does not exert its specific effect on the quantity of peritoneal fluid through a lowering of blood pressure. 2. Each of the three factors, namely, calcium chloride, adrenalin and myocarditic lesions affects the elimination of fluid through the kidneys, through the mucosa of the small intestine and through the endothelial lining of the peritoneal cavity in a specific way. The conditions influencing the elimination of fluids through these three surfaces seem, therefore, to be different in each case and characteristic for the cells lining these surfaces.
1. The results of this work form a confirmation of the earlier work of Cushing in all details investigated. 2. The increase of blood pressure that results from an increase of the intracranial pressure above the blood pressure is due in the dog to a vaso-constriction of the vessels of the intestine, the kidney and the limbs. Preceding this constriction there is dilatation. 3. The anastomotic connection between the internal carotid artery within the skull and the ophthalmic branch of the internal maxillary is of a size in the dog approximately equal to the internal carotid outside of the skull. The anatomical relations are such as to indicate that the internal maxillary artery in this animal is a cerebral artery equal in importance to the internal carotid. The anastomotic connection because of its position within the cranial cavity is unaffected except by extreme grades of intracranial compression. 4. The ordinary method of artificial perfusion of the dog's brain as used in physiological investigation appears from this work to be of no value, since there is at least one important path open besides that through the vessels of the brain. 5. The increase of the intracranial pressure above the blood pressure leads to a complete anaemia, superficial and deep, of the blood vessels of the brain. If the intracranial pressure is not greatly increased above the blood pressure, the circle of Willis and some of the larger arterial connections at the base of the brain are more or less well injected. An intracranial pressure somewhat below blood pressure leads apparently to a certain degree of anaemia directly beneath the point of entrance of the intracranial fluid; the condition of the rest of the brain as regards blood supply is normal.
Histoplasmosis is a fatal infectious disease of tropical America resembling kala-azar of India. It is characterized clinically by splenomegaly, emaciation, irregular pyrexia, leucopenia and anemia. The pathological features are the invasion of endothelial cells in the smaller lymph and blood vessels and capillaries by enormous numbers of a small encapsulated microorganism (Histoplasma capsulatum) causing necroses of the liver with cirrhosis, splenomegaly, psudo-granulomata of the lungs, small and large intestines, with ulceration of the latter, and necrosis of lymph nodes draining the injected viscera. The disease is caused by a small round or oval microörganism 1 to 4 micro in diameter possessing a polymorphous, chromatin nucleus, basophilic cytoplasm and achromatic spaces all enclosed within an achromatic refractile capsule. The microorganism differs from the Leishman-Donovan body of kala-azar in the form and arrangement of its chromatin nucleus, and in not possessing a chromatin rod.
The venom of Crotalus adamanteus when administered intravenously to rabbits in properly graded doses causes lesions of the glomerulus of tile kidney which may be either hemorrhagic or exudative in character. Both types of lesion are usually associated but either one or the other may predominate. The hemorrhagic lesion, which may be confined to the glomerular tuft, or, by rupture of the latter, may involve the capsular space, is a peculiar localization of the hemorrhage so common in other parts of the body in venom intoxication. On the other hand, the exquisite exudative lesion involving usually the capsular space but sometimes limited, as in the hemorrhagic type, to the tuft itself and with little or no tubular injury, constitutes a type of experimental vascular nephritis, hitherto undescribed, which differs widely in its anatomical appearance from that due to arsenic, cantharidin and other vascular poisons. As the limitation of the lesion to the glomerulus indicates a selective action of the venom, and as the histological changes in the tuft are suggestive of gradual endothelial destruction and solution, the lesion can be explained by the action of the endotheliolytic body of crotalus venom described by Flexner and Noguchi.
In reviewing the literature, no description of a lipemia occurring in relation to simple hemorrhage was found, so that the observation of the phenomenon here recorded would seem to be new. Very high percentages of fat have been found in the blood of diabetics. Fischer's case showed 18.1 per cent total ether extract. Of this very little was free fat (0.0018 gm. potassium hydroxide per gram of fat); iodine absorption was 60.6 per cent.; cholesterin, 2.6 per cent. Chatin's case, cited by Fischer, showed 1.2 per cent. cholesterin, 66.5 per cent. olein, 32.2 per cent. margarin in the fat. Neisser and Derlin in the ether extract of blood from a patient with diabetic coma found 19.7 per cent. fat, with melting point of from 39 degrees to 41 degrees C.; iodine absorption was 53.6 per cent. Javal in a similar case found 25.4 per cent. of fat in ether extract of dry serum (perhaps by Soxhlet method); 21 per cent. of the fat was lecithin. Bleibtreu produced alimentary lipemia in geese by feeding barley and butter. Ether extract of serum showed 6 per cent. of fat. The serum was milky with invisible droplets. Iodine absorption was 57 to 58 per cent. The fat was quite different, chemically, from the fat in the food. Lipemia disappeared a few days after discontinuing the forced feeding. Our experiments suggest, by analogy, the possible occurrence of lipemia in human anemias. In this connection it is of interest to note that we have recently demonstrated a moderate lipemia in a case of marked secondary anemia from hemorrhoids. The emaciation in such cases, as contrasted with the well-recognized conservation of the fat in pernicious anemia, suggests in human pathology a still further analogy which we now have under investigation. The fat in our lipemic rabbits differs from fats described above in its insolubility, as well as in its "constants." The change after precipitation of calcium from the serum suggests that the fat may be present in the serum as a protein-calcium-lecithin combination which is decomposed by decalcifying. While we are not prepared to offer an explanation of the mechanism of this lipemia, it is possible that the great loss of tissue proteins may have some influence on the abnormal fat metabolism. That the fat is derived from the tissues is a fair inference when its occurrence in connection with the loss of weight and the previous disappearance of the body fat are taken into consideration. A more careful study of the lipase in the blood and tissues is desirable. It may be that lowered oxidation following great loss of red cells plays a part.
The study carried out and recorded in this paper did not lead to the finding of any reliable criteria of difference between strains of Diplococcus intracellularis obtained from typical cases of epidemic meningitis and several cultures obtained from cases of posterior basic meningitis. The successful experiments made with monkeys show that the diplococcus obtained from cases of posterior basic meningitis is capable of setting up rapidly and acutely fatal forms of meningitis and in producing organic lesions of the cerebral tissues of great severity. This study would, therefore, suggest that the antimeningitis serum should be as useful in cases of posterior basic meningitis so-called, as it has been in epidemic meningitis, especially if it were employed early in the disease.
Decreasing the temperature from 37 degrees C. to 5 degrees C. perceptibly and regularly increases hemolysis in hypotonic sodium chloride and cane sugar solutions, when the erythrocytes of a number of the common mammals are considered. The measurements were carried out with Smith's modification of the method of Hamburger. If following the original method of Hamburger one relies on the point of beginning hemolysis as an index of corpuscle resistance, the facts are not brought out clearly. The effect is in the opposite direction from that which would prevail if the laws governing change of osmotic pressure with change of temperature were the influential factors. The results possibly depend on some change in the permeability or consistence of the erythrocytic protoplasm considered as a semi-permeable membrane.
1. In the secondary and tertiary stages of syphilis without direct involvement of the nervous system the cerebro-spinal fluid yielded the butyric acid reaction of feeble intensity. The fluid under these conditions gave neither a positive cytodiagnosis nor the Wassermann test for syphilis. 2. The cerebro-spinal fluid of cases of hereditary syphilis showed a positive butyric reaction in about 90 per cent. and a positive Wassermann test in about 80 per cent. of the cases examined. 3. The cerebro-spinal fluid of cases of cerebral and spinal syphilis yielded the butyric acid reaction and the cytodiagnosis in every instance (100 per cent.) and gave the Wassermann reaction in from 50 to 75 per cent. of those examined. 4. The cerebro-spinal fluid from cases of general paralysis gave positive butyric acid reactions in 90 per cent., positive cell counts in 91 per cent., and positive Wassermann test in 73 per cent. of those examined. 5. The cerebro-spinal fluid from cases of tabes dorsalis gave positive butyric acid reactions and cell counts in 100 per cent. and positive Wassermann test in 53 per cent. of those examined. 6. The cerebro-spinal fluid from other forms of psychosis in which a syphilitic history was not obtained gave positive butyric acid reactions and cell count in 2.8 per cent. and Wassermann test in 13 per cent. of those examined. 7. The cerebro-spinal fluid from cases of acute inflammatory diseases of the meninges always gave a flocculent precipitate with the butyric acid reaction but never gave the Wassermann test. 8. The cerebro-spinal fluid from persons suffering from typhoid fever, pneumonia, pulmonary tuberculosis, etc., in which the meninges are not inflamed, gave neither the butyric acid nor the Wassermann test. 9. We think it justifiable to conclude that the butyric acid reaction affords a ready means of distinguishing normal from pathological cerebro-spinal fluid and will prove to be useful in routine clinical practice, especially in detecting syphilitic disease and in confirming or setting aside certain doubtful diagnoses of syphilitic or metasyphilitic lesions of the central nervous system. The reaction should commend itself as a valuable addition to the Wassermann test, the results of which it is capable of confirming and extending.
The high variability in infectivity of Diplococcus intracellularis makes it impracticable to standardize the antimeningitis serum on the basis of the virulence of the diplococcus. The irregularity of reaction of small animals to the poison or endotoxin of Diplococcus intracellularis makes it impracticable to standardize the antimeningitis serum on the basis of endotoxic value. The want of uniformity in the complement-binding power of the antimeningitis serum, and the absence of established relation between complement-binding power and therapeutic activity make the employment of this method of standardization impracticable. The part taken by specific opsonins in promoting recovery from infection with Diplococcus intracellularis suggests their employment as a measure of the therapeutic activity of the antiserum. Methods of quantitative estimation of opsonic content of the antimeningitis serum being available, it would seem advantageous to adopt for the present as a standard of value a definite and suitable strength in opsonins of the antimeningitis serum. As a definite and suitable standard of strength a minimum dilution activity of a 1 to 5,000 dilution of the antiserum is proposed. Since the immune opsonins of the antimeningitis serum appear to be highly durable under proper conditions of refrigeration of the antiserum, the test proposed will be applicable when the antimeningitis serum shall have become an article of commerce.
1. As a result of the intravenous infusion of a solution of sodium chloride a characteristic curve indicating the fluid retained in the vascular system is obtained. In the first period of the infusion the maximum of retention of fluid is noted. Then more fluid is removed from the blood vessels, so that for a short time a fall in the curve of dilution takes place, after which the dilution again slowly increases. 2. This curve is not materially changed by the addition of calcium chloride or of adrenalin to the infused solution, and under such conditions adrenalin does not lead to an increased pressing out of fluid from the vascular system, although is causes a constant and decided rise in blood pressure. Myocarditic lesions lead to an increased intravascular retention of fluid. Nephrectomy does not lead to an increased intravascular retention of fluid, but probably causes a diminution of the amount of fluid retained in the blood vessels.
1. Direct measurements of the blood pressure carried out during the intravenous infusion of various solutions into rabbits show that although a relation between the height of blood pressure and secretion of urine may be noted, a direct relation docs not exist between blood pressure and peritoneal transudate and intestinal fluid. 2. Calcium chloride docs not increase the peritoneal transudate by a rise of blood pressure, nor does it decrease the intestinal fluid by a fall of blood pressure, since no such increase of peritoneal fluid nor decrease of intestinal fluid is noticeable in animals with myocarditic lesions which are infused with solutions of sodium chloride. 3. It can be proved that calcium chloride does not diminish the amount of urine as a result of its depressing action on the blood pressure. Our experiments make it probable that calcium chloride decreases the diuresis by a direct action on the renal epithelium.
1. After thyroidectomy the glycosuria, produced by ether or adrenalin in the normal animal, is greatly reduced. 2. Thyroidless dogs fed on powdered thyroid glands show a return of glycosuria more or less proportional to the amount ingested when treated with adrenalin or ether. 3. As the thyroids regenerate the ether or adrenalin glycosuria increases similarly. The results of these experiments leave no doubt in our minds that the secretion of the thyroid glands is connected in some obscure way with the metabolism of sugar in the body or exerts some control over organs whose duty it is to participate in the sugar metabolism.
1. The thyroid exerts a retarding action on the carbohydrate destroying mechanism of the body. 2. This retarding action is not changed when the gland is boiled, showing that it is not a ferment action. 3. Iodothyrin, the active principle of the gland, exerts this retarding influence more markedly even than the whole thyroid. 4. This antagonism between the thyroid and the carbohydrate destroying mechanism is a direct one, as other ductless glands and the nervous system are eliminated from the experiments. 5. These results confirm those of Falta along similar lines.
1. We have confirmed previous work which shows that the injection of bile increases the tone of the vagus nerve, and that this action can be abolished after the administration of atropine. 2. We have found that the amount of bile salts in a lethal dose of pig's bile for dog's will, if inejcted alone, produce neither a fall in blood pressure nor a slowing in rate. 3. We have found that the amount of pigment in a lethal dose of the bile will, if injected alone, cause death with slowing of the heart and lowering of blood pressure. 4. We have found that the bile pigment in combination with calcium or sodium is less toxic than uncombined pigment. 5. We have found that in experimentally produced jaundice the calcium content of the blood is increased, while that of the liver, muscle and brain are decreased. 6. We are of the opinion that increase in calcium in the blood is a protective mechanism against the circulating pigments of obstructive jaundice.
The experiments which have been presented show that the spinal fluid occupies a unique position among the fluids which accumulate in serous cavities of the body. It contains normally neither proteolytic enzyme nor anti-enzyme, whereas blood serum, from which it is derived, exhibits both enzymotic and anti-enzymotic activity. In the blood anti-enzyme greatly predominates over enzyme, so that proteolysis does not occur, unless the anti-enzymotic power of the serum has been destroyed by the addition of acid. In pathological conditions both enzyme and anti-enzyme may make their appearance in the spinal fluid. With inflammations of other serous cavities of the body the anti-enzyme of the exuded serum as a rule preponderates over and restrains the activity of the proteolytic enzyme freed from leucocytes. On the other hand, in infection of the meninges with Diplococcus lanceolatus and with Streptococcus mucosus free proteolytic enzyme has been present in considerable amount in four of five fluids which have been tested. Free proteolytic enzyme has not been observed in the spinal fluid in cases of epidemic meningitis. The cases which have been studied demonstrate that in epidemic meningitis some anti-enzymotic action may be present in the early stages of the disease; but it tends to disappear rapidly so that anti-enzyme seems to be constantly at a low ebb. It is possible that the absence of anti-enzyme in normal spinal fluid, and the tendency for it to disappear so much more rapidly than in other inflammatory exudates, may explain in part the severity of acute meningeal infections. Non-inflammatory transudates into the subdural spaces differ from inflammatory exudates in that the inhibitory element of the blood serum accumulates, and this accumulation suggests an interference with the elimination of the antibody from the spinal fluid. Such interference is not evident in so-called serous meningitis. In content of anti-enzyme the spinal fluid of chronic conditions, such as tuberculous meningitis, apparently occupies an intermediate position between acute inflammation and serous effusion, and five of seven tuberculous fluids which were tested exhibited various degrees of anti-enzymotic action. Variations in content of enzyme and anti-enzyme, noted above, may depend upon the rapidity with which the fluid, carrying the elements mentioned, enters the spinal cavity, as well as upon the rate of their elimination from the spinal fluid. Subdural injection of large quantities of anti-meningitis serum (horse's blood serum) does not increase the anti-enzymotic activity of fluids withdrawn twenty-four hours after its injection; disappearance of anti-enzyme being caused by rapid elimination of serum from the spinal fluid.
1. Phagocytosis of pneumococci in vitro runs parallel with phagocytosis in vivo. 2. Virulence depends not only on resistance to phagocytosis, but also on the ability to grow in the body of the animal. 3. The biological reaction of the pigeon to pneumococcus infection does not differ from that of the mouse. 4. The "immunity" of the pigeon to pneumococcus infection is due to its normal high temperature.
1. Phagocytosis of pneumococci in vitro runs parallel with phagocytosis in vivo. 2. Virulence depends not only on resistance to phagocytosis, but also on the ability to grow in the body of the animal. 3. The biological reaction of the pigeon to pneumococcus infection does not differ from that of the mouse. 4. The "immunity" of the pigeon to pneumococcus infection is due to its normal high temperature.
THESE EXPERIMENTS SUGGEST THE FOLLOWING CONCLUSIONS CONCERNING HEMOLYTIC ACTION: 1. It is probably the proteid part of the serum which inhibits the bile salts. 2. The cholalic acid group is the active part of the bile salt molecule. 3. The protection afforded by bile salts against serum is of especial interest from the following considerations: (a) The protective action is a property apparently peculiar to proteids obtained from blood serum. It is not given satisfactorily by egg albumen. (b) The conjugation of cholalic acid with glycocoll in the formation of the bile salts is of some advantage to the organism. Although the toxicity of the cholalate for red corpuscles, when free from serum, is at most only slightly diminished by conjugation, yet the blood serum possesses a greater inhibiting action for the resulting glycocholate than for the original cholalate. 4. As compared with its inhibition of sodium glycocholate, normal serum possesses relatively little inhibiting action against certain foreign hemolytic agents, such as tetanus toxin, sodium benzoate, phenol and ethyl alcohol. 5. Hemolytic experiments afford a fairly general method for studying, in vitro, certain syntheses occurring in the body. They avoid, largely, the complications, such as rapid chemical alteration, which might occur in animal experimentation. Contrary to the results obtained with bile salts, the conjugation of benzoic acid and of phenol results in an effective reduction of their hemolytic action independently of the presence or absence of serum.
1. Removal of the thyroid glands causes a rise in the assimilation limit for dextrose. 2. If the parathyroids are left, this result is permanent. 3. The thyroids probably inhibit normally the direct combustion of the sugar in the muscles.
1. In infections with streptococcus in man, such as acute septic endocarditis, and tonsillitis, there is produced a powerful opsonic immunity. 2. This opsonic immunity is effective towards the streptococcus which has caused infection but may be ineffective in the presence of streptococcus from other sources. 3. Little benefit can be expected from streptococcus vaccines unless they are prepared from the streptococcus which has caused infection.
1. For the study of the character of nitrogen metabolism in nephritis the nitrogen intake of the patient needs to he regulated in such a manner that it should not exceed the nitrogen value which the diseased kidneys are capable of eliminating. 2. The eliminating capacity of the kidneys can he established in the following manner: the patient is placed on a diet containing a low proportion of protein (equivalent to about 5 grams of nitrogen) and a sufficient supply of calories. To this diet from day to day varying quantities of urea are added and the nitrogen output for every twenty-four hours is estimated. The highest nitrogen output under this condition is regarded as the maximum of the eliminating capacity of the kidneys for nitrogenous substances. 3. In the observations recorded in this communication the nitrogen output of the patient on the standard diet remained at 5.5 grams per day. The addition to the diet of 1.5 to 3 grams of nitrogen in form of urea caused a rise in the intake not exceeding 6.25 grams. On the basis of this, the diet was regulated so as not to exceed a nitrogen intake of 7 grams. 4. Comparing the rate of elimination of nitrogen after the administration of glycin, alanin, and asparagin with that after the administration of urea, there was noted a slower rate after the administration of the first two acids, and an equal rate after the administration of asparagin (probably owing to the presence of an acid amid group in the molecule). 5. After the administration of excessive protein in addition to the standard diet, there was noted a much lower rate of nitrogen elimination than was to be expected in a normal man, on the basis of the work of Falta. 6. Of the total nitrogen removed in excess over that on the standard diet in our patient, 80 per cent. was in the form of urea, while in normal man, as calculated from the tables of Folin, one finds the proportion of urea to vary between 90 and 100 per cent., while in a normal dog the proportion is always 100 per cent. 7. On the basis of these observations it was concluded that in our patient the rate of conversion of protein into simple nitrogenous substances and into urea is below the normal. 8. The patient remained for four months in a condition of nitrogenous equilibrium, and otherwise in good health, on a diet containing about 6.5 grams of nitrogen and 3,000 calories, which were reduced to 2,500 calories to prevent constant gain in weight. 9. From this it seems suggestive that also for dietetic-therapeutic purposes it may be of importance to establish the eliminating efficiency of the kidneys for nitrogenous substances.
This new division of the Journal is specially designed to be of use to active Health Officers of the countries represented in the American Public Health Association. It will be unable to serve its true function unless the Health Officers are willing to coöperate by sending to the Journal copies of their reports, bulletins, new ordinances and personal information which will be of general interest. Furthermore it would be distinctly desirable if communications on subjects of general interest are submitted for publication in this division of the Journal. The management will further welcome any suggestions from Health Officers for the improvement of this division. All communications should be addressed to Selskar M. Gunn, Managing Editor, American Journal of Public Health, 755 Boylston St., Boston, Mass.
This new division of the Journal is specially designed to be of use to active Health Officers of the countries represented in the American Public Health Association. It will be unable to serve its true function unless the Health Officers are willing to coöperate by sending to the Journal copies of their reports, bulletins, new ordinances and personal information which will be of general interest. Furthermore it would be distinctly desirable if communications on subjects of general interest are submitted for publication in this division of the Journal. The management will further welcome any suggestions from Health Officers for the improvement of this division. All communications should be addressed to Selskar M. Gunn, Managing Editor, American Journal of Public Health, 755 Boylston St., Boston, Mass.
This new division of the Journal is specially designed to be of use to active Health Officers of the countries represented in the American Public Health Association. It will be unable to serve its true function unless the Health Officers are willing to coöperate by sending to the Journal copies of their reports, bulletins, new ordinances and personal information which will be of general interest. Furthermore it would be distinctly desirable if communications on subjects of general interest are submitted for publication in this division of the Journal. The management will further welcome any suggestions from Health Officers for the improvement of this division. All communications should be addressed to Selskar M. Gunn, Managing Editor, American Journal of Public Health, 755 Boylston St., Boston, Mass.
This new division of the Journal is specially designed to be of use to active Health Officers of the countries represented in the American Public Health Association. It will be unable to serve its true function unless the Health Officers are willing to coöperate by sending to the Journal copies of their reports, bulletins, new ordinances and personal information which will be of general interest. Furthermore it would be distinctly desirable if communications on subjects of general interest are submitted for publication in this division of the Journal. The management will further welcome any suggestions from Health Officers for the improvement of this division. All communications should be addressed to Selskar M. Gunn, Managing Editor, American Journal of Public Health, 755 Boylston St., Boston, Mass.
This new division of the Journal is specially designed to be of use to active Health Officers of the countries represented in the American Public Health Association. It will be unable to serve its true function unless the Health Officers are willing to coöperate by sending to the Journal copies of their reports, bulletins, new ordinances and personal information which will be of general interest. Furthermore it would be distinctly desirable if communications on subjects of general interest are submitted for publication in this division of the Journal. The management will further welcome any suggestions from Health Officers for the improvement of this division. All communications should be addressed to Selskar M. Gunn, Managing Editor, American Journal of Public Health, 755 Boylston St., Boston, Mass.
This new division of the Journal is specially designed to be of use to active Health Officers of the countries represented in the American Public Health Association. It will be unable to serve its true function unless the Health Officers are willing to coöperate by sending to the Journal copies of their reports, bulletins, new ordinances and personal information which will be of general interest. Furthermore it would be distinctly desirable if communications on subjects of general interest are submitted for publication in this division of the Journal. The management will further welcome any suggestions from Health Officers for the improvement of this division. All communications should be addressed to Selskar M. Gunn, Managing Editor, American Journal of Public Health, 755 Boylston St., Boston, Mass.
This new division of the Journal is specially designed to be of use to active Health Officers of the countries represented in the American Public Health Association. It will be unable to serve its true function unless the Health Officers are willing to coöperate by sending to the Journal copies of their reports, bulletins, new ordinances and personal information which will be of general interest. Furthermore it would be distinctly desirable if communications on subjects of general interest are submitted for publication in this division of the Journal. The management will further welcome any suggestions from Health Officers for the improvement of this division. All communications should be addressed to Selskar M. Gunn, Managing Editor, American Journal of Public Health, 755 Boylston St., Boston, Mass.
Doctor Armstrong uses New York City as an example in his thoughtful paper. What he says of school hygiene there will be found to apply with equal, if not greater, force elsewhere. There is always the danger that in the pressure of routine duties the larger objects are apt to be lost sight of. Doctor Armstrong's excellent analysis should make us pause and take stock of the broader views of the whole question of School Hygiene.
Doctor Billings discusses in this paper some of the subjects which must always be taken into consideration in controlling the communicable disease situation in any community-among these are the following: Registration, Recognition, Termination, Hospitalization, School Exclusion, Disinfection-and the Education and Instruction of Profession and Public.
Unemployment and under employment are topics that the average health officer pays little attention to. No one will deny the significance of unemployment when considered solely from the public health point of view. Men and women who are out of work or who are only working part time necessarily are unable to buy proper food and shelter which are so essential for their physical well being. Mr. McCrudden, in this paper, tells in an interesting manner how a number of unemployed men were given work through the Health Department of the City of Philadelphia. Not only did they benefit themselves but the work they did was a direct benefit to the entire community. This is a subject that health officials generally might well give more attention to.
This article by Doctor Wood is especially interesting to health workers and indeed to all readers of the Journal on account of the fact that it treats in a concise manner some of the fundamental points of importance known at the present time regarding this devastating disease. It is particularly suggestive as it indicates various ways in which state and local health authorities can direct their activities so that the people may be informed of the fact that early cancer is curable in most instances.
In this paper Mr. Routsong outlines a comprehensive program for workshop education and hygiene. Mr. Routsong's experience in this matter makes his statement extremely valuable to industrial hygiene workers.
Professor Winslow has collected in this paper some very interesting comparative statistics with regard to state health laboratories. The progress of public health laboratories in the United States has indeed been remarkable in the last few years. While we may congratulate ourselves on our advance, it is obvious that in many instances much may yet be done to make laboratory of greater value to the citizens of the state.
Doctor Chesley has worked out with great care and detail a system which works very well in Minnesota. His paper explains that system and tells exactly how it was applied in one epidemic.
Under the title here given, Doctor Lane discusses ringworm and favus of the scalp as communicable diseases. Reference is also made to infections following vaccination and finally Doctor Lane speaks of the problem of syphilis, of which he says, "We realize its importance but in most places we do nothing about it."
This symposium summarizes the opinions of several widely known health workers on the modes of infection, spread, prevalence and nature, epidemiology, and legislative and executive management of influenza and pneumonia-the two diseases which so greatly increased our morbidity rates during the winter season.
This paper has been prepared for the busy man who, while interested in infectious diseases, has not the time to follow up the literature on the subject constantly. Professor Arkin's contribution will also serve to refresh the memory of those who are actively engaged in health department work of all kinds.
The title of this paper well describes the scope of an important contribution to our rapidly advancing knowledge of sewage disposal.
Doctor Davis presents here the relation between the dispensary clinic and hospital to our so-called medical-social problems. He does away with the conception that these clinics are "charities" and describes the work as a necessary public health service.
The small town, large enough to need a system of sewerage but small enough so that the expense per individual installation is greater than in large cities, presents one of the acute problems of sanitary engineering. Mr. Hansen discusses some of the means employed to dispose of the wastes of small communities.
Dr. B. F. Knause of the New York City Health Department here discusses the various types of disinfection as tested out in New York City, and compares terminal cleansing and terminal fumigation.
Ohio has taken a leading place in the sanitary and hygienic phases of industrial life. The Industrial Commission and the State Board of Health are in coöoperation in their efforts along this line.
Doctor Mann's paper not only presents the specific problem indicated in the title, but also deals with some problems which are sure to command an increasing amount of attention on the part of health administrators, particularly the relationship between wages and health.
In this paper Doctor Hayhurst describes the six classifications for hazardous occupations which were employed in a survey made in Ohio. He also explains, by text and diagram, the process of analyzing, upon a standard formula, the hazard of an individual case.
Doctor Farnum points out the value of coöperation between medical and safety departments with an object of fitting the man to the job for which he is physically fit, a means of reducing accidents. This paper tells what one company has done.
In this rather brief paper, Doctor Rankin outlines the problem which was the subject of an interesting and important session of the meetings at Rochester.
This paper has especial interest for the laboratician and dairy inspector, and general interest to everyone. Mr. Laboratician, do you test for "number" or "kind?" Mr. Inspector, do you work in coöperation or in opposition to the laboratory? Doctor North is well suited to write on the milk question, and he discusses in a clear and convincing manner the many problems essential to the maintenance of the health standard of this industry.
Mr. Feezer, a member of the bar, has been practicing health rather than law and through his association with the Massachusetts and New York State Departments of Health, is well qualified to interpret this difficult phase of the health problem. In this article he places nuisances in their proper position and explains the most effective methods with which to accomplish their abatement.
In a remarkably clear and lucid style, Mr. Brown states the manner in which the largest city in the country has dealt with the problem of controlling its milk supply. While the essentials of the system are few, their execution is a big task. Read what Mr. Brown has to say about it.
We can scarcely understand why certain sections of the lay mind still look with horror upon inoculation, in spite of the many proofs of its efficacy. This excellent paper, in which is discussed the attack-rate among inoculated persons, adds to the proof, if proof be needed, a convincing argument.
In this paper the author attacks this vice from a new angle. Continue the restriction of the supply, but also cure the users.
Doctor Rand herein reviews some of the recent work done in other countries in connection with the problem of industrial poisonings as distinguished from infection.
Dr. Meigs is connected with the Children's Bureau of the U. S. Department of Labor. In this paper she reviews some of the methods of attack which have been employed with success in dealing with the infant mortality problem.
Large health departments, like large industries, are able to employ specialists to care for various details of their work. The small city health officer must often do the things that are done by a half dozen different people in the city. Doctor Park points out some of the important distinctions.
This paper not only contains Doctor Knopf's own valuable conclusions upon the subject presented, but it is also a compendium of the opinions which Doctor Knopf has secured from a number of other eminent physicians.
One million, two hundred and fifty thousand individuals were treated in one hundred and twenty-two clinics in New York City in 1913 for venereal disease, yet in most of these clinics one could not determine the results of such treatment. Mr. Platt in this paper criticizes the filing systems in general use in these clinics and suggests a remedy in the form of a cross indexing by diseases.
The keynote to the betterment of conditions of industrial occupation is education. Such education cannot be limited to one class but must include all units of society. Doctor Schereschewsky here discusses the type of education necessary to each unit, the worker, the medical profession, the general public, and suggests methods by which results may be effected.
Dr. Josephine Baker, as director of one of the most important bureaus in the New York City Department of Health, has become one of the country's best known women health workers. Her experience in the matter of which this paper treats has naturally been very extensive.
Public health officials, the medical profession generally, pharmacists, lawyers, legislators and the public have all watched with interest the working of the Harrison Act, by means of which the federal government has taken part in the effort to control the narcotic drug traffic. In Doctor Terry's city, special efforts have been made in this respect.
The New York State Health Department last year enacted a Sanitary Code which regulates the sale of milk in every rural community in the state. Doctor Williams tells something of how it has worked.
The authors in this paper discuss the methods employed and the results obtained in the bacteriological analysis of the water about St. Louis, with the view ultimately establishing definite modes of procedure for such analysis.
The standards suggested in this paper are the result of a study of the operation of filtration plants in Maryland upon which the writer was detailed under the general direction of Mr. R. B. Morse, Chief Engineer, Maryland State Department of Health. Acknowledgment is given here both to him and the writer's brother, Dr. Leo Wolman, for helpful criticism of the various statistical problems involved in the discussion.
Dr. Williams emphasizes the importance of discussing rural sewage or a rural problem and remembering that it is not to be dealt with successfully unless it is distinguished from the city problem.
In this paper a man not professionally engaged in public health work but familiar with the difficulties of rendering vital statistics useful in that work and technically trained to cope with such difficulties, discusses some of the important features of "The Book-keeping of Public Health."
Doctor Caverly is in charge of the public health in a state of small cities, but nevertheless a state in which public health work is conducted along very advanced lines. In this paper he reviews the present situation and points out some of the advantages of the isolation hospital and suggests how rural communities can best proceed to secure one.
The Journal is presenting this year a number of articles on the educational side of health work. We believe that our readers are finding these articles both interesting and helpful. The educational work of the North Carolina department is well known. This paper by Mr. Booker is therefore one of the valuable contributions to this group of papers.
The purpose of this important paper by Doctor MacCurdy is to point out why psychiatric clinics in the schools may offer reasonable hope of reducing insanity in the later life of the pupils. And since it is undoubtedly true that the next problem of public health administration will be concerned with mental disorders, where better to begin than with the school child?
Formerly the problem of mental hygiene was considered too large and indefinite a problem to be considered from the public health viewpoint. But if this problem be divided into its constituent parts, most of these parts, considered separately, are manageable. Doctor Williams here discusses two of these groups-alcoholic and syphilitic insanities.
The causal factors of mental disorder or maladjustment are either in the individual himself, or environmental. It is with this later case that the author chiefly deals, and calls to our attention some of the factors in our social organization which touch upon the problem of the formation of habits of adjustment, and which determine the nature of the environment to which the individual must adjust himself.
Doctor Rosanoff in this excellent paper presents, for our consideration, facts which in the future must yield the coöperation between the psychiatrist and the public health official.
Malaria constitutes one of the big national health problems, and because it is a common disease, it receives less consideration than many other diseases less destructive. Doctor Trask here discusses the past and present distribution of this disease and the necessity for an organized fight against it.
At the recent Forty-fourth Annual Meetings of the American Public Health Association, Cincinnati, Ohio, there was held a Round Table Discussion on Infantile Paralysis, in which health authorities throughout the country took part. This discussion was held under the auspices of the Section on Public Health Administration. Dr. George W. Goler, Health Officer of Rochester, N. Y., Chairman of this Section, presided. We take great pleasure in being able to reproduce for readers of the Journal what took place at this most important session.
Doctor Perkins tells how one feature of health department routine is carried out in one of our large cities. This is a well written paper which will prove of particular interest to laboratory workers and communicable disease men.
Dr. Crum shows that infant mortality is largely related to season and place. The effect of these factors is greatest where extremes of temperature and humidity are greatest. He suggests for the most hopeful method of attack the education of the mother. He lays emphasis on the importance of breast feeding.
That public health administration is really a business is the message of Dr. Dowling. It will not be successful without business methods. These must include well-trained, full-time health officers and adequate appropriations.
In a paper that has the additional merit of brevity Mr. Ewing goes direct to his point, tells what he has seen and suggests that weather may be related to results.
Dr. North knows what he is writing about. No food industry is so much discussed as the production and marketing of milk. Everyone engaged in it places the responsibility somewhere else. Dr. North goes to the root of the matter with facts and figures, and shows lack of coöperation, coördination and organization.
This diary of one day's potential contact infection opportunities ought to have its lesson for everyone, health officer or private citizen. It is a story that fits into every man's life and its moral, "Watch and Wash your hands," is an admirable health slogan.
Miss Lathrop, who is a leader in the country-wide movement to save the babies, tells us in this article how an insufficient wage, a mother who is obliged to labor, and a community that is careless about its housing, constitute three very important factors to the infant mortality.
This is a short and direct story in a matter in which everyone is interested, canned goods. The author shows the need of standardization and says a few things about milk.
Dr. Bishop here takes up the discussion of one of the greatest problems of the day. This is one of two sterling papers presented at Chicago, for the publication of which the Journal has had a good many requests. It is the intention to follow this by Dr. Bishop's second address to make the story the more complete.
There were a great many problems at Hog Island and the mosquitoes formed one of no mean magnitude. What Dr. Royer and Mr. Emerson have done is given in considerable detail because the paper tells other men in other malarial districts what can be done; how to organize and how to accomplish results.
Dr. Kahn goes at the technical details of his examination directly and clearly. He presents the results of experience for the benefit of others in proper sequence and without argument.
Major Sawyer asks this question,-"The army is being sent home clean. Will your community make it easy or difficult for the men to remain so?" His short paper is an introduction to the longer one that follows it.
In the serious effort that is under way against venereal disease, in which the eyes of the people have been opened and their sympathy enlisted, there are many phases. This author presents a connected statement of the great broad work, its crying needs and the steps that have been taken to meet the need.
Miss Rude presents a ringing appeal for standardization and co-operation in child saving. She demonstrates that this work is fundamental in any well-conceived public health planning. She has a story of accomplishments which is backed by facts and figures.
Everybody seems to realize the importance of mental hygiene, yet no one seems to know just how to begin. Dr. Hincks strikes the key-note of the situation. He says that the experimental stage is passed. It needs the backing of public opinion and the sound financial footing of support from public health funds.
The endemic index is a time saver for busy health officials. It permits the delegating of enormous routine work to a clerical staff. By the devices a serious condition is automatically brought to the attention of the staff, who notify the chief.
Dr. Davis emphasizes the wastefulness of present methods of family doctoring. He says that the existing system should be replaced by a co-ordinated one, which for the poor is exemplified in hospitals and dispensaries. He pleads for efficiency in the treatment of the man of moderate income as well as for the penniless.
"Health officers need the wisdom of a Solomon, the patience of a Job, and the shrewdness of a Sherlock Holmes," said one of them out of his own experience. Dr. Craster here supports this idea in part and presents some of the intricacies of health administration.
Before the war there had never been presented to food experts in this country an opportunity for the extended study of nutrition comparable to that afforded these investigators. Their report sets forth details of observations which support the "training ration," which is appetizing and secures a proper distribution of the nutrients.
Risk of infecting the hand through careless dishwashing, mess-kit washing being the method considered, has already been discussed by this author. Here he follows up field observation with laboratory tests. He oxonerates home dishwashing and states that it is not a major route of hand infection.
"Why should not cities solve their milk problems as they have those of water supply?" queries Dr. Koehler. From the vital statistics of a metropolis he asserts relations between food inspection and typhoid and between pasteurization and infant mortality. He considers accurate information on dietetics a necessary health measure.
These authors call attention to the fact that the "safety test" used in the detection of B. tetani is not quite so "safe" as the cultural test.
There are eight classes of men in the military hospital including attendants, and for each class there should be a different dietary. Major Hoskins explains this, tells clearly the common sources of waste of food, notes the amount, and suggests lines of conservation.
A helpful report of progress in an official New York State test. It shows defects in current practices, emphasizes the relationships of budget to results, notes the value of spot maps, and dwells on the importance of all public health education.
"Rural schools are neglected and insanitary," is the motif of this essay. There are four times as many mental defecitves as in the city, while half the children have enlarged tonsils, etc. This author calls for reform here if as a nation we are to hold our place in the world.
Dr. Bishop tells us that drug addicts are sick men and not criminals. They ought to receive treatment instead of being sent to jail. Medical, legislative and popular ideas are all in error. He calls for a revolution to wake up the doctors and educate the people.
What do the working people omit from the table when food is dear? How much does old "H. C. L." reduce their nutrition? How many women are forced into shops; how many children obliged to labor? These are the health problems that Dr. Harris has been investigating in New York City among large groups of the population.
Colonel Whitmore tells in plain language just what lipovaccines are and within what limits their usefulness lies. His paper will dispel any misunderstanding about them in the minds of those not specialists.
This investigator presents a detailed discussion of certain types of avian bacteria, which will be of interest to specialists. He notes some reactions not observed before and the agglutinative relations.
Twelve thousand persons in West Virginia are afflicted with goiter, which is nevertheless a disease little considered in the United States. It is endemic in New Hampshire and other mountain regions. Mr. Tolman assembles what is known of its causes and distribution.
In Porto Rico, where half the older Spanish soldiers and one-quarter of an American army of occupation had venereal infection, isolation and care of prostitutes reduced the increase to only four new army cases in six months among twelve thousand men. This shows the possibilities of prevention.
Protection of the industrial worker is the key-note of this story. Difficulties which an important government agency discovers are set forth, and the author tells how to overcome them, not forgetting first, the education of the people which must be the foundation of all reform.
Few health officers know where Federal health authority comes from. Dr. Goodnow unravels the legal maze and tells them it is a function of Commerce and of the power of Congress to lay taxes and duties. Public Health is therefore national in foundation and application.
The "dangerous tendency" is that towards a division in Federal and state health administration. Its remedy lies in planning and developing a strong, alert Federal health agency properly related in its activities to the public health interests of the States.
An investigation of the origin of members of the colon-aërogenes group. "High ratio" aërogenes come probably from grains or cereals, while "low ratio" colon betoken probable human contamination.
Eight million food animals die each year from disease and exposure on ranches and farms. A million more are condemned in the abattoirs. This waste calls for preventive work, which is under way, and for conservation through utilizing better the coarser meats and the fats. Here is advice for wasteful Americans, who usually take only the best.
In England a link has always existed between the central and the local health administrative bodies. This has been helpful in solving problems, standardizing methods, and stimulating local effort through-out the Kingdom.
Since the cessation of hostilities in Europe health officers have been asking "What is the Red Cross going to do in Public Health?" Dr. Farrand here assures the public health profession that the Red Cross proposes to be a coöperative agency and not unless circumstances seem to demand it, an operative one.
How far should the Federal Government go in dictating state health policy? Dr. McLaughlin says that it should coördinate state departments just as these coördinate the departments of cities. "The United States Public Health Service," he says, "has a detailed, comprehensive nation-wide program for every public health problem, but these programs can not be put into effect without adequate funds."
Out of 13,460 soldiers at Camp Wheeler who were vaccinated with pneumococcus lipovaccine less than one in one hundred was sick enough for the hospital. The camp pneumonia rate for unvaccinated soldiers was five times (crude) or twenty times (corrected) that for vaccinated. Civil life has important uses for such vaccination.
In the search for the cause of such an important a disease as influenza, negative evidence with anaërobic cultures is of distinct scientific value. Professor Norton here presents conclusions derived from a careful series of investigations.
This is only a report of progress, negative in parts, in a very elusive matter. Ptomaines are not responsible; microörganisms only partly so. Further investigation is suggested along the lines of a search for possible heat-labile toxins.
Here are hints of value for community medical service as well as for that of a school. Few colleges have developed a real health service for their students, but there are many that need one. The development at the University of Michigan, with five years of experience, ought to be helpful to institutions throughout the country.
This is one of the helpful hints for health officers that the Journal intends to present once in a while. The question about interpretation was asked and Dr. Castleman prepared an answer. It was so good an explanation that it seemed worthy of wide distribution, and here it is.
Only seventy per cent of American men fit for full military duty was the verdict of the draft. Surgeon General Blue emphasizes the need of public health education, child hygiene, industrial hygiene, rural sanitation, pure water, pure milk, sanitary sewage systems, better disease notification and campaigns. A comprehensive program!
Eight defenses against disease in Army camps are outlined by Major Soper. The information is valuable for civil administration as well as military. The lines include draft examination, detention, instruction, camp construction, literature, coöperation between military and civil authorities, daily inspection, quarantine and the hospital.
What an up-to-date Federal Health Department should undertake to do, is set down by Dr. Bryce in eight direct statements. Among the functions are; to direct legislation, collect information, educate the public, stimulate baby hygiene, establish nursing systems, look after immigrant inspection, and equip health research laboratories.
"What constitutes a nonresident death?" is a very vexing statistical question. Much propaganda and commercial announcement depend on how the term is interpreted. Dr. Eichel gives some formulated rules, and presents some illustrative tables.
Practical pollution-meter provided. Why not express results directly in terms of bacteriological findings? Simplest of scales has mathematical as well as technical advantages. A long step towards solving some of the annoying troubles of bacteriological computation.
Ventilation is a much discussed matter in which doctors and engineers are by no means all agreed. Mr. Reed presents a comprehensive, up-to-date consideration that is enlightening. He says that the last word has not been said yet. Note his careful bibliography.
This is an argument for maternal nursing to reduce infant mortality. Dr. Levy does not place much responsibility on poverty as a cause of loss of infants, but emphasizes the effect of women in industries. He argues for education of the midwife because she is the family adviser of many foreign-born groups. He argues from results in Newark.
Here is the opinion of a teacher. He attacks the problems of school hygiene from the practical viewpoint of a layman who is a daily worker in the schoolroom itself. He expresses some very radical opinions, but he gets at them honestly and through his own experience.
Whites rather than colored people were attacked by the pandemic of influenza and the young rather than the old, a reversal of usual conditions. These conclusions are based on the accurate figures obtainable from 12,000,000 policies and 105,552 claims.
It took an American, Dr. W. W. Peter, to break down the conservatism of the Chinese in matters of health and hygiene. He accomplished this because he understood the psychology of the people. Rattling toys and fascinating gimcracks furnished ammunition for a great health education campaign, continued today by Dr. S. M. Woo.
Colleges are generally weak in public health administration, according to this author. Standards for milk and water supplies are low, ventilation is a closed book, supervised exercise is usually wanting, personal hygiene instruction is not followed up, and off-campus living is little supervised. Here, where example is needed, health administration is often hap-hazard, usually inexpert.
Against a decline in prevalence of many diseases and a generally decreasing mortality in the past fifty years, the pneumonia-bronchitis-influenza rate is today higher than in 1871. It is indeed the only bacterial group of maladies the prevalence of which has not diminished.
Too many cooks in health administration is the impending danger, suggests Dr. Rankin. It is time for the A.P.H.A. to insist on a "whole-time" Health Department for the Central Government. Health and medical associations should coöperate to effect this. They should find out what needs to be done and use their influence to have it done.
That almost any bit of water will serve for a wading pool seems to be the idea in practice. Dr. Craster has tested such pools and finds that they need to be as well constructed as bathing pools and as well cared for. Chlorination is necessary when they can not otherwise be controlled.
Plain talk with the suggestion that the health officer has police powers oftentimes neglected to assume voluntary work not really within his province. Dr. Hill emphasizes the need of official fighting of disease and would leave baby weeks and milk depots to voluntary, civil organizations.
A score card for health officers is a novel suggestion, but nevertheless one in accord with good common sense. Mr. Tobey argues that a responsible business executive is chosen with great care, and a health officer has more responsibility than most business executives. In his scale professional qualities are given the lowest place and personal qualities, the highest.
At the Chicago meeting this author spoke in the General Sessions and was asked to continue beyond the time limit. There was discussion and endorsement. It was characterized to be a treatment of the older fashion much employed by physicians during the epidemic.
Many endemic centres of communicable disease lie in the Orient and therefore the future fight of preventive medicine must be largely in Eastern countries. Mr. Jenks, with some years of experience in Hindustan as sanitary engineer, outlines racial conditions that are fundamental. They must be recognized in any plan for bettered sanitation.
Science does not yet differentiate between B. coli from various animal sources. Water showing fecal contaminatin may not have been polluted by man, and may be free from typhoid, paratyphoid, dysentery, etc. Condemnation as well as approval, therefore, should always be very carefully considered.
Colonel Cumming extends the trail he blazed in the matter of in-sanitary dishwashing. He finds in institutions that wash by hand in lukewarm water that there was three times the incidence of influenza-pneumonia that there was in institutions with steam dishwashing. His conclusions are based on an institution population of 252,186.
No health officer can afford to ignore the educational value of publicity. But such announcements are so foreign to old-fashioned medical ideas that publicity is needed to give publicity its proper place. This author does good missionary work in outlining what publicity is doing for his specialty.
"There is much illness that might have been avoided if there had been an organized system of state medicine," says Sir Arthur Newsholme, speaking of England. He would give a freer hand to the health officer who measures up to the standard. England's chief defect lies in the existence of small and inefficient local health bodies.
Science has not yet revealed any successful specific measures against influenza. Isolation and popular education are the only justifiable general methods known at present. Energies must be directed to preventing the complications rather than to preventing influenza. Research is needed and health officers can help by securing accurate records.
Dr. Peters draws attention to the fact that no big work has been generally done to relieve those debilitated by influenza. There is hardship and need and slow recovery. Cincinnati organized relief along these lines, the Red Cross and the Health Department working in coöperation. Organization and results are given in some detail.
"Save 250,000 human lives in the United States in 1920!" is Surgeon Lumsden's slogan, and he backs it up by outlining how to do it. The world must have increase of man-power. Public health aid is essential. Needs are: whole-time health officers, effective local agencies and coördination of all agencies, and then the American spirit to "go over the top."
This author says that what the country needs is not extension of Federal authority so much as health education of the people to support what exists. The U. S. P. H. S. has already all the power that may constitutionally be given to a Federal health agency. It has a distinct industrial health program, and all it needs is good financial support.
For a type of Hindu conception of sanitary precaution, Mr. Jenks notes three kinds of "boiled" water: first, water merely heated till it steams; second, really boiled, but then strained through dirty cloths, and, third, really boiled, but cooled by adding raw water. Such practices and the distribution of drinking water in leather sacks, customs universally observed like the great gatherings of pilgrims, together with religious prejudices make sanitary progress very slow.
This author takes issue with Dr. Hill on the functions of health officers. He believes that they should undertake all kinds of public health work, that responsibility divided with private agencies will hurt the health officer's work, that public health education is necessary and that this must be conducted by the health officer if he is to fill adequately his sphere. Private agencies should bend their efforts to support the health officer.
Proper bacteriological dilutions are necessary for correct interpretations. The system here proposed adopts the dilution scale for its standards. On a consistent system of laboratory technique, including logical methods of computing results and a natural scale of interpretation, depends the real practicability of bacteriological standards.
Why did the husky succumb in the influenza-pneumonia epidemic, was arrested tuberculosis a protection, and what had the race factor to do with immunity? These are queries that Dr. Armstrong asks, and he has basis for his questionings in the observations of the Framingham survey. He gives health officers much food for thought.
Injury produces in the leaf-cells of the Indian Pipe (Monotropa uniflora) a darkening which is due to oxidation. The oxidation is much more rapid in the nucleus than in the cytoplasm and the facts indicate that this is also the case with the oxidation of the uninjured cell.
When Laminaria is exposed to the action of anesthetics (in sufficient concentration to produce any result) there is an increase in respiration. This may be followed by a decrease if the reagent is sufficiently toxic. No decrease is observed with low concentrations which are not toxic. These facts contradict the theory of Verworn that anesthesia is a kind of asphyxia, for his view is based upon the assumption that anesthetics decrease respiration.
1. Suboils of arid regions are certainly no less "raw" than those of semi-arid regions, and probably only slightly less so than those of humid regions. 2. If, as seems as yet unproved, inoculated legume seeds fail to develop on humid subsoil material, such failure can not justifiably be attributed as is done by Alway, McDole and Rost, to a lack of available phosphoric acid and potash. 3. A lack of available nitrogen probably is sufficient to account for rawness of subsoils. 4. The poor aeration of subsoils which indirectly results in their rawness, may be accounted for more simply than by Hilgard's explanation of the washing down of fine particles into the subsoil, which prevents proper aeration.
The catalytic activity of the blood of normal rabbits varies almost directly with the volume and number of red blood cells. This explains to a certain extent at least why animals of the same general degree of nutrition, and of the same litter, should have about the same activity since they are likely to have the same number of red blood cells, and why healthy large animals should read high while small poorly nourished ones should read low. Accompanying the hyperpyrexia resulting from puncture of the corpus striatum of a rabbit's brain, there is no change in either the catalytic activity of the blood or the white blood count. In experimentally produced peritonitis, the catalytic activity of the blood always rises, and is, therefore, absolutely independent of body temperature and white blood cells since one or both of these may rise, fall or remain stationary while the catalytic action increases.
I. Intraperitoneal injections of adrenalin into animals which are completely under the influence of phlorhizin and which are free from glycogen do not result in any extra elimination of sugar. This proves that adrenalin does not cause a conversion of fat into carbohydrates, as is maintained by Blum and by Eppinger, Falta and Rudinger. II. The high D:N ratio 5.2 and 6.1 reported by Eppinger, Falta and Rudinger after adrenalin injections in depancreatized dogs, which were obtained after short periods of six hours and four hours respectively, can be explained by the elimination of carbohydrates present in the organism. III. These results confirm the work of Straub and Ritzmann which indicates that adrenalin, by its constricting effect on the blood vessels, produces anemia of the tissues, resulting in imperfect oxidation, and this anemia is followed by the conversion of glycogen into dextrose by hyperglycemia and consequently by glycosuria.
A. The catalytic activity of the tissues of newly born and adult rabbits. 1. There is practically no difference between the catalytic power of the blood, brain or muscle of newly born and adult rabbits. 2. The kidneys and lungs are less active in the newly born, but increase rapidly during the first days of life. 3. The liver is more active in the newly born than in the adult rabbit. B. The catalytic activity of the developing hen's egg. 1. The entire fresh egg has a slight but definite catalytic power which remains practically constant even though the egg be kept for several months at room temperature. 2. The separate parts of the egg, germinal center, yolk and white have practically no activity when tested individually. 3. The entire unfertilized egg shows no catalytic activity even after incubation at 38 degrees C. for twenty-one days. 4. The germinal portion of the incubated fertilized egg rapidly acquires the power of decomposing hydrogen peroxide, while the yolk and white together or separately show no such increase, nor is there any activity to be found in the amniotic fluid. 5. It seems, therefore, that the catalytic power of the developing egg is formed from the contents of the egg which themselves show little action, by the developing germinal portion, independent of all external influences except heat (38 degrees C.) and air.
1. Guinea-pigs, naturally uninfected by sarcosporidia, were infected by feeding them with rat's muscle that was naturally infected by Sarcocystis muris, and by ripe mobile sporozoites from the same source. The infection was not visible grossly, but was detected upon very careful search through many sections of muscle. 2. Sarcosporidia were not found in the guinea-pigs until after an interval of 164 days from the first feeding, or 152 days after the most favorable feeding, when many teased-out mobile sporozoites were fed. 3. The prolonged period of incubation or latency, and the greater time required for infection of guinea-pigs here over that required by Negri (7) in Pavia, may be related to the fact that the experiment here was conducted in the tropics where the guinea-pig is a native. 4. Sarcosporidia of this apparently abortive type in unusual hosts cannot be specifically identified until their derivation and host relationships have been determined. 5. Morphologically, the guinea-pig sarcosporidia derived from Sarcocystis muris are identical with those found by the writer in the biceps of a Barbadian negro, and both probably represent abortive or aberrant forms.
The changes of the respiratory pressure within the esophagus, as well as within the posterior mediastinum, differ greatly in their various levels. They are best in the section between the heart and the diaphragm; they are moderate from the upper aperture of the thorax to above the tracheal bifurcation, and they are. very much reduced in the region of the bifurcation and the heart. In the latter case the normal respiratory changes are reduced in their transmission to the mediastinum by the intervention of the inelastic tissues of the bifurcation and the heart. The difference in the changes of the respiratory pressure between the low;er and the upper part of the mediastinum is due to a difference in the respiratory changes of pressure between the lower and upper parts of the lungs. The changes in the respiratory pressure which begin in the lower part of the lungs lose some of their force on their way to the apices of. the lungs. In artificial respiration by intratracheal insufflation there is no difference in the respiratory pressures between the upper and the lower parts of the lungs. This investigation supports the view, frequently entertained by clinicians, that the respiratory changes in the apices of the lungs are not as good as those of the rest of the lungs, and it disproves the claim of some physiologists that a decrease or increase of pressure at any part of the lungs must be equally distributed through all parts of the lungs, a claim based upon merely a priori physical considerations.
1. The administration of Staphylococcus aureus, killed by heat (vaccine), produces a high degree of opsonic immunity in rabbits. 2. Such increase of opsonin affords protection against living virulent staphylococcus in direct proportion to the amount of opsonins present in the serum and complete recovery may follow subsequent inoculation, if the opsonic power be high. 3. Frequent administration of vaccines may produce a diminution of the opsonic power of the serum. 4. Immune opsonins are most active against the homologous strain of Staphylococcus aureus, but are only slightly less active against heterologous strains. 5. Infections of the human body by Staphylococcus aureus may cause great increase of opsonins. 6. Vaccines prepared from Staphylococcus aureus may produce a high degree of opsonic immunity in man.
The examination of fifteen consecutive cases of primary tuberculous cervical adenitis resulted in the isolation of nine cultures of B. tuberculosis of bovine type and six cultures of human type, the classification being made on the basis of adaptability to artificial cultivation, character of growth on glycerine bouillon, virulence for rabbits, and, in three instances, virulence for calves. The results of the determination of the reaction changes in glycerine bouillon due to the growth of the cultures on this medium were in general accord with the classification as based on other characters. One culture otherwise of human type was found to give the slightly acid or even alkaline end reaction characteristic of the bovine type of bacillus. One culture, otherwise of bovine type, has so far given an end reaction more highly acid than is usual with bovine cultures. Two cultures, highly virulent for rabbits, showed even less adaptability to artificial cultivation than the usual true bovine cultures and the reaction change could not, therefore, be determined.
1. By an immediate anaphylactic reaction we mean the chain of symptoms which occur in highly sensitized guinea-pigs shortly after an intravenous or intracardiac injection of the toxic dose and usually end in death. 2. Immediate anaphylactic death occurs three to five minutes after the toxic injection in highly sensitized guinea-pigs. 3. Immediate anaphylactic death in guinea-pigs is caused by asphyxia; cessation of respiration is secondary to this asphyxia. 4. This asphyxia is apparently produced by a tetanic contraction of the smooth muscles of the bronchioles, which occludes their lumen gradually, so that finally no air enters or leaves the lung, in spite of violent respiratory efforts; the animal is strangulated. 5. The stage of complete broncho-constriction is preceded by a short broncho-dilatation, if the bronchioles have been in a state of tonus previous to the injection of the toxic dose. 6. Anatomically, the lungs of these guinea-pigs are typical and may be used as an indicator of the immediate anaphylactic state when the animal has been immobilized by curarin or by pithing. 7. The lungs of a guinea-pig killed by immediate anaphylaxis are distended and in an inspiratory position so that the diaphragm is pushed down; no marked collapse occurs when the chest is opened and when the lungs are excised in toto; their color is a pale bluish-pink ; the surfaces and borders are smooth; no foam is in the trachea or large bronchi; pieces of lung cut off do not collapse, float lightly on water, and contain a good amount of air and little fluid which escapes on pressure. The blood in the lungs and heart is black when the autopsy is made at once after the cessation of respiration. 8. Section of the vagi in the neck, or curarin (artificial respiration) exerts no appreciable effect on the development of immediate anaphylaxis. 9. This immobilization of the lungs, which is due to a broncho-constriction, is of peripheral origin, for destruction of the spinal cord and medulla affects in no appreciable way the promptness and extent of the typical lung response to the injection of the toxic dose. Artificial respiration is, of course, necessary. At the present time we do not care to state whether the toxic dose exerts its effects upon the bronchial muscles alone or upon the vagus motor endings or upon both structures. 10. The blood pressure in immediate anaphylaxis first shows a rise, which may be considerable; a short maintenance of this high level and then a gradual drop to IO to 20 millimeters of mercury and even less, within ten minutes after injection of the toxic dose. 11. Shortly after injection of the toxic dose a heart block develops, so that auricles and ventricles may beat in a 3:I rhythm; the block is probably due to asphyxia. 12. The cardiac vagus gradually loses its irritability after injection of the toxic dose. 13. Cooling of the guinea-pig delays the reaction to the toxic injection.
Apparently as a result of repeated passages through guinea pigs, the virulence of surra of Mauritius for mice became greatly attenuated. Three mice recovered spontaneously and two remained carriers of tryanosomes for four to seven weeks after the parasites were last seen in their blood. The mice that recovered acquired no lasting immunity. While the virulence of the parasites decreased for mice, it increased for guinea pigs. By cultivating the parasites in mice the virulence for these animals was restored after four to eight passages.
From the foregoing experiments, the conclusion may be drawn that B. bifidus communis of Tissier has an aerobic phase, in which it resembles B. mesentericus fuscus. Numerous intermediate phases can occur between these two extremes; and their morphological and biological variabilities demand the utmost attention in order to interpret more intelligently the various phases of a given organism, constantly found in the stools of sucklings, and to avoid the artificial creation of two or more organisms from a single microbic type.
By combining physiological and anatomical methods in the study of experimental nephritis it is possible to distinguish types of nephritis in which either tubular or vascular changes predominate, and are essentially characteristic of the lesion produced, but it is not possible to say that a given poison produces exclusively tubular or exclusively vascular lesions. The so-called epithelial poisons (potassium chromate, uranium nitrate and corrosive sublimate) present anatomical evidence of extensive tubular injury, and in the early stages show, on physiological study, no evidence of vascular injury other than exaggerated contraction and dilatation of the vessels and increased diuresis. On the other hand, the vascular poisons, arsenic and cantharidin, which produce but little injury to the tubules, tend to cause anuria and are characterized by minimal contraction and dilatation of the vessels and little or no flow of urine. From the physiological point of view these two types may be, for practical purposes, considered as examples of tubular and vascular nephritis. They are not, however, pure types; for the increased diuresis of the early tubular type is in itself evidence of vessel irritability and similar to the increased irritability caused by small doses of vascular poisons, and on the other hand, this essentially vascular lesion is accompanied by slight morphological changes in the tubular epithelium. Furthermore, the tubular lesions of chromium and uranium and corrosive sublimate pass into a stage closely resembling the vascular type, if not identical with it. Two forms of late tubular nephritis may be recognized. One of these, the anuric form, is accompanied by severe gastro-intestinal disturbance and evidence of approaching anuria; physiological tests show diminished power of dilatation of the vessels and corresponding inhibition of diuresis. The second form, the polyuric, is characterized by a condition of polyuria up to the moment of anesthesia; physiological tests show that the power of dilatation is retained, but little or no diuresis occurs. Whether the vascular incompetency of the anuric form of late tubular lesions is a natural consequence of the vessel irritability seen in the early stages or is the result of the elimination of secondary poisons through the glomeruli cannot be absolutely determined. The peculiar impermeability of the glomerulus following anesthetization in the polyuric form, which is essentially a stage of recovery, we hope to explain by investigations now in progress. Studies of the elimination of nitrogen show that in tubular nephritis, as represented by uranium nephritis, the output of nitrogen is considerably diminished. This apparently occurs also in chromate nephritis but is not clearly demonstrated. In both forms the onset of gastro-intestinal disturbances appears to bear a definite relation to the retention of nitrogen. On the other hand, as the nitrogen of the feces is not appreciably altered, these disturbances cannot be explained by the elimination through the intestine of toxic bodies of nitrogenous nature. The nitrogen elimination in the urine in vascular nephritis as represented by arsenic nephritis is not only not diminished but is greatly increased as the result of the increased metabolism caused by arsenic. If at the height of this increased elimination, uranium nitrate is administered, the nitrogen output is markedly diminished. These observations demonstrate that not only are the tubular lesions in arsenic nephritis of little moment, but also that serious injury of the epithelium, as that due to uranium, may cause a temporary nitrogen retention. A consideration of all the facts here presented allows us to conclude that although it is not possible to demonstrate that an experimental nephritis may be purely tubular or purely vascular, which is in accord with our clinical and pathological studies of human material, it is possible, if we combine the results of anatomical, physiological and chemical study, to recognize lesions which are predominantly tubular or vascular, or which change rather sharply from one to the other type, and are, therefore, of great value in the study of the problems of nephritis.
The experimental study of poliomyelitis has yielded a large number of important facts relating to the spontaneous disease in man. The nature of the virus has been discovered, many of its properties have been ascertained, some of its immunity effects have been established, the clinical and pathological peculiarities of the disease have been elucidated, and a basis has been secured on which to develop measures of prevention.
Highly dilute solutions of the alkaline oleates, which do not suffice to alter appreciably the morphology or reproductive power of the pneumococci, nevertheless produce profound changes in their structure. Pneumococci treated with sodium oleate become more subject to autolysis, as is indicated both by the rapidity and the perfection of the process of self-digestion, and at the same time they become subject to serum-lysis. The serum-lysis of the soaped pneumococci tends to be incomplete with normal serum and to be perfect with an immune antipneumococcus serum. When normal serum is employed, the surviving pneumococci subsequently multiply either in the test tube or in the animal body, in the latter case producing fatal infection. When, on the other hand, an immune serum is employed, lysis is complete, no multiplication occurs, the test tube mixture is sterilized, and the inoculated animal is protected from infection. The inhibition of their activity which the soaps ordinarily suffer in the presence of protein, can be prevented by the addition of an appropriate quantity of boric acid, so that suitable mixtures of serum, soap, and boric acid can continue to exert a deleterious and solvent influence on the pneumococci, and the effect is greater when immune serum is employed in the mixtures. Infection can not only be prevented when the mixture of immune serum, soap, and boric acid is added to the pneumococci before injection into the peritoneal cavity of small animals, but the infection can likewise be prevented when a therapeutic injection of a mixture of the three substances mentioned is made to follow the inoculation of normal, highly virulent diplococci. The limits of the activity of the therapeutic mixture are determined, in part by the amount of protein to be overcome, and in part by the peculiarities of the infection occurring in highly susceptible animal species. The virulence of the pneumococci is somewhat diminished by the soap treatment, but the treated organisms are not rendered more subject to phagocytosis. It would appear that the action of the soap is exerted upon the lipoidal moiety of the bacterial cells, through which they are rendered more pervious to serum constituents and brought under their deleterious and dissolving influence. The changes in the pneuocci here described probably have a prototype in the resolving exudate of a pneumonic process; so that it may be considered that they occur in the animal body in the course of spontaneous infection and constitute one of the conditions of the conquest of the organism by the body's forces. A certain conformity exists between the manner of destruction of the pneumococci in a pneumonic exudate and that in the artificially prepared soap-serum mixtures. In order to imitate outside of the body the conditions of the removal of pneumococci within the body, it does not suffice merely to study the reactions to leucocytes and serum and to conclude from these reactions the means which the body employs for the disposal of the diplococci; but it is necessary to invoke still other factors, among which are the effects of chemical substances present in exudates, of which the soaps represent one class. The failure hitherto to unify the reactions in test tubes with those occurring in the body in connection with the pneumococcus may be due to the fact that account was not taken of this class of chemical bodies. Whether the principle here presented can be made applicable to the treatment of local pneumococcus infections in human beings is a pressing question. Its application to the treatment of local infections, to the seats of which the serum, soap, and boric acid mixtures can be directly applied, particularly after evacuation of an inflammatory exudate, seems to offer promise.
These experiments indicate that, in obstructive jaundice, the bile which escapes from the liver is absorbed by the hepatic capillaries and carried by the blood to the kidneys. The presence of a thoracic duct fistula influences in no way the development of icterus after total obstruction of the common bile duct. Bile pigments, sufficient to give a Salkowski test, may or may not appear in the lymph of the thoracic duct in such experiments, their appearance possibly depending upon the rapidity of bile secretion and the amount of lymph flow. Chronic icterus developing in an animal with a thoracic duct fistula gives an interesting distribution of bile pigments in the body fluids. The lymph and pericardial fluid contain the same amount, which is much less than the content of bile pigment in the blood serum and urine. It seems clear that in both acute and chronic obstructive jaundice the lymphatic apparatus takes no essential or active part in the absorption of bile pigments from the liver. At best, the lymphatic system is a secondary factor in the mechanism of jaundice.
1. Chloroform anesthesia for two hours or more will cause more or less central liver necrosis in dogs, depending on the length of the anesthesia and the susceptibility of the animal. 2. If the fibrinogen of the blood of such an animal be estimated at intervals, it is found that this proteid shows a drop corresponding to the amount of liver necrosis. 3. By administering chloroform, the fibrinogen may be almost eliminated from the circulating blood, and the poisoned animal may bleed for hours from small skin pricks or cuts. 4. The liver can recover from a grave injury due to chloroform and return practically to a normal condition in about ten days. 5. The fibrinogen reappears in the blood as the liver effects its repair. It seems that the quantity of fibrinogen present is a good indicator of the liver efficiency and a fairly accurate index of the amount of liver injury. 6. Shortly after the recovery of the liver from an injury due to chloroform, one may find an excess of fibrinogen in the blood. 7. In severe cases of chloroform poisoning, the calcium of the blood was normal or slightly increased, and the thrombin was normal. 8. These experiments give no evidence that the formation of thrombin or prothrombin is dependent upon liver activity. 9. The hemorrhages of chloroform poisoning are due not to lack of blood clotting but to inefficient coagulation. The clot has not the body and toughness supplied by the fibrinogen, and is, therefore, unable to check even capillary hemorrhage. 10. Fibrinogen is either formed in the liver or is wholly dependent upon liver activity for its production.
The work recorded above has served to corroborate the observations of other writers, notably of Noguchi, that in many human sera, if not in all, there develop, on standing, anticomplementary bodies which are delicately thermolabile, being inactivated by heating to 56 degrees C. for fifteen to twenty minutes. It has appeared that these bodies may occasionally be present in sera which, after heating, may develop the thermostable anticomplementary body referred to by other authors. It has become evident also that the speed of development of the thermolabile anticomplementary body in different sera is subject to much variation. The thermolabile body appears as the complement disappears. The question arises whether the thermolabile anticomplementary body may not be originally present in the serum, temporarily masked by the native complement. This would seem improbable from the fact that titration has shown that 0.1 and 0.2 cubic centimeter of the inhibiting serum will often inhibit as much as 0.6 cubic centimeter of fresh guinea-pig complement, a quantity superior to the amount of complement present originally in the antihemolytic serum. It seems, therefore, that the anticomplementary body must actually be formed in the serum during the period of preservation. The thermolabile antihemolytic body studied by us is like the thermostabile body investigated by Noguchi, in that it inhibits alien as well as homologous complement; it is unlike the thermostabile body, however, in that it cannot be absorbed from serum by digestion with red cells, nor does it render the treated cells more resistant to hemolysis. The thermolabile body may be removed from inhibiting sera by precipitating the globulins. A solution of the glotmiins then manifests a thermolabile anticomplementary action. No relationship between a clinical condition and the appearance of these bodies in the sera, has been found. As a practical result these studies have shown, as have those of Noguchi, that the complement fixation tests should never be made with certain sera which have been preserved for some time without inactivation.
The liver tissues of man and certain animals (dogs, rabbits, guinea pigs, etc.) yield, upon alcoholic extraction, various substances which may be divided by their physical and chemical properties into several groups. While many substances are present in the alcoholic extract, the ones possessing antigenic properties are comparatively few. The latter are responsible for the antigenic properties exhibited by the whole alcoholic extract. The substances extracted with alcohol were fractionated into the following four groups. (a) Substances Insoluble in Ether and Hot Alcohol.-These are chiefly proteins and salts. The proteins are probably the minute particles of larger molecules held in apparent suspension in alcohol until all other substances are removed. The water extracted from the tissues and admixed with alcohol is also an essential factor in extracting these particles in an alcoholic solution. The salts present are the usual physiological constituents of the liver, notably, sodium chloride. The quantity of these substances extracted with alcohol varies greatly with different specimens. Biologically considered, they are neither markedly hemolytic nor anticomplementary and possess no antigenic property for the Wassermann reaction. It is important, however, to note that the proteins bind complement when mixed with certain active human sera. For this reason a preparation of antigen containing this group of substances is unsuitable for use in combination with an active serum, and should, therefore, be rejected. (b) Substances Insoluble in Ether and Soluble in Hot Alcohol.-This group contains soaps, cleavage products of proteins, and small amounts of the bile salts. Soaps and bile salts are very strongly hemolytic and are absolutely unfit for use as antigen. Moreover, their antigenic properties are very slight. It is best to eliminate this group of substances from the preparation of antigen. The quantity of the substances of this group extracted from different specimens of tissue is very variable. (c) Substances Soluble in Ether, Alcohol, and Aceton.-In this group are found varying amounts of fatty acids, both saturated and unsaturated, some neutral fats, cholesterin and many unidentified lipoidal bodies. This group causes either hemolysis or inhibition, of hemolysis. In other words, it is anticomplementary as well as hemolytic in the majority of preparations. At the same time, in some preparations it is, to a certain extent, antigenic. This great variation in the amounts of these substances in given extracts renders their presence in the antigen preparation undesirable. It is not denied, however, that, when added in adequate quantities, some of these substances may improve the activity of the antigenic lipoids. (d) Substances Insoluble in Aceton.-This group of substances consists of phosphatids. The best known among them is, of course, lecithin. Besides lecithin, however, there must be various other phosphatids present in this fraction. It will be noticed that the precipitate formed by mixing the ethereal solution with aceton contains a certain amount of lipoids insoluble in ether as well as in alcohol. Before the fractionation in aceton, all lipoids were soluble in ether or ethyl alcohol. Further analytical work on the nature of the phosphatids contained in this fraction is necessary. This fraction, in general, is more constant in amount in the various liver extracts. Biologically considered, it is the most important. It is usually non-hemolytic, frequently anticomplementary, but much more strongly antigenic than the other fractions. The antigenic strength varies with different preparations, being almost absent in the extracts derived from fatty livers. An aceton insoluble fraction may be strongly antigenic without any other auxiliary effects, or may be accompanied by an anticomplementary property. This fraction does not cause the so-called non-specific reaction with an active human serum. For these reasons it is recommended (as Noguchi has repeatedly done before) that the antigen should be selected from the aceton-insoluble fractions. Iodine Value in Relation to Antigenic Value.-Speaking generally of the aceton-insoluble fraction, a high antigenic value is associated with a high iodine value of lipoids obtained from the liver and heart. This rule does not, however, apply to the corresponding fraction from the brain. Standard Antigen.-The preparation of a standard antigen for Noguchi's method for the diagnosis of syphilis is given just before the summary. The directions will enable one to make a stock solution, from which, at any time, a suitable antigenic emulsion may be obtained.
The following conclusions may be drawn from the foregoing series of experiments. The complementary activity varies within a definite limit in different specimens of guinea pig serum. With sera which stood in contact with the clot for twenty hours, the strongest and weakest were in the ratio of 0.015 cubic centimeter to 0.04 cubic centimeter. The former was 2.66 times stronger than the latter. The variation observed with the same series of sera after forty-six hours was still more striking. The strongest was 0.013 cubic centimeter, and the weakest, 0.06 cubic centimeter, that is, the former was 4.6 times stronger than the latter. These findings agree with those made by Massol and Grysez. The variations were not so marked with the majority of sera. It is noteworthy that a large number of the sera gained in the complementary activity when remaining in contact with the clot for forty-six hours, while some sera became weakened during the same length of time. The amount of serum fixed by given constant quantities of syphilitic serum and antigen varies much more markedly than the variations in their complementary activity. One serum failed altogether to be fixed. On the other hand, one sample of serum was so easily fixable that 0.24 cubic centimeter (corresponding to 9.6 complement units of this specimen) disappeared, while the average quantity fixed was only 0.098 cubic centimeter (corresponding to 4.64 complement units). The normal standard of fixability was shown in about 50 per cent. of the specimens examined. If the zone of normal fixability is enlarged in both directions by one unit, the percentage of normal fixability would become 65.8. There is no definite relationship between the complementary activity and the fixability of a given specimen of guinea pig serum. The facts derived from our present experiments, especially in regard to the exceptions in the fixative quality of this serum, demand the utmost precaution from those intending to employ it for diagnostic purposes, as, for example, in the Wassermann reaction. No quantitative work is possible with the complement fixation reaction unless the experimenter is capable of determining the fixability of the serum in use. One of us (Noguchi) has long realized this source of error, and in order to reduce it he has advised the employment of a mixture of sera from more than two guinea pigs.
1. The maximum activity of an antihuman hemolytic amboceptor may be obtained by employing the homologous or heterologous complement, according to the variable relations existing between the species furnishing the amboceptor and the one supplying the complement. Thus, some amboceptors are best reactivated by the complement of the same species, while others may act most strongly when reactivated with the complements of certain suitable heterologous species. 2. From the above it is clear that the complementary activity of a given serum may be very variable according to the varieties of amboceptors employed. In expressing the complementary activity of a serum, the species of the host of the amboceptor must always be stated. Thus, one serum may have many different complementary titers according to the amboceptors used. A similar variation in the titers of the amboceptors occurs when a variety of complements are employed. 3. Certain species of animals (pig and sheep) yield sera which are comparatively poor in reactivating most varieties of antihuman amboceptors. The complements of these species deteriorate rapidly. 4. The serum of chicken contained but little complement for the amboceptors derived from the mammalia, while the amboceptor from the chicken was only poorly, or not at all, reactivable by the complements contained in the mammalian sera. The serum of pig was the only variety which reactivated this amboceptor in a fair degree. 5. For the fixation tests guinea pig complement is the most favorable. This complement is also the most active and durable of those which have been studied. The complements of pig and sheep are quite fixable, but their weakness and rapid deterioration render them unsuitable for fixation purposes. Rabbit complement is quite active but is not easily fixable. Goat complement is, as already stated, difficult to fix, in spite of its strong complementary activity. The other complements are unsuitable because of their feeble complementary activity. 6. For fixation tests the antihuman amboceptors produced in the rabbit and guinea pig are suitable. They are, moreover, very active and do not cause the phenomenon of non-fixation. The amboceptors from other animals are unsuitable, as we cannot find a complement which strongly reactivates them. The amboceptor from the goat is unsuitable because of the danger of masking the fixation phenomenon by subsequent hemolysis. 7. In summing up, we arrive at the conclusion that the rabbit is the best animal for producing antihuman amboceptor, and the guinea pig for supplying complement. The guinea pig produces a good amboceptor, but its small size renders it second in choice. So far, no other animals have been found useful for the fixation experiments.
The fixing property of a specific precipitate and of syphilitic serum in the presence of certain antigenic lipoids, can be removed by adding certain non-complementary proteins of blood serum or hen's egg. This disappearance of the complementary activity in the syphilis reaction, as well as in the true Bordet-Gengou reaction, is a phenomenon which incidentally accompanies the fixation of certain serum constituents, some of which possess a complementary activity. The presence or absence of the complementary property in these protein components does not influence fixation. Whether the disappearance of the complementary activity during the phenomenon of so-called fixation is due to a mechanical precipitation of the molecules through absorption or whether it is due to a physico-chemical alteration of the active molecules, is unknown. It is more probable that a chemical interaction takes place in the case of the syphilis reaction. Certain sera, for example, those derived from man and goat, show a low fixability. It is interesting to note that the fixability is gradually diminished when these sera and egg-white are heated to a temperature above 56 degrees C., and totally disappears at 85 degrees C. The coagulation of proteins with absolute alcohol or by boiling, destroys their interfering property. The fact that the fixation is not selectively directed towards complement, has a very important meaning for exact serology. The one-sided accuracy as to the complementary unity is no longer sufficient for quantitative work. Both the complementary and the volumetric unity of a serum serving as the source of complement should be taken into consideration. Besides, the fixability of the sera of various species of animals must also be considered. From these facts a formula may be derived for deciding the degree of suitableness of a serum. see PDF for Equation X is the degree of suitableness; K, the species constant for the fixability; P, the complementary activity; and V, the volume of serum. It will be seen that the suitableness is proportional to the fixability constant and the complementary unity, and inversely proportional to the volume of serum employed. As to what species yields the largest value for X, we refer the reader to our studies published elsewhere.
The cutaneous lesions in pellagra consist of an early erythema, or, in occasional cases, of vesicles or bullous formations which are followed by hyperkeratosis and pigmentation, resulting in a dry, dark brown scaliness. These various lesions are similar to those normally produced by the action of sunlight, but are much more marked. The histological phenomena of the erythematous and bullous stage are those of a mild acute inflammatory reaction, together with a degeneration in the superficial layers of the corium. Following this degeneration, which involves not only the general connective tissue but the connective tissue of the blood vessels, there is a reparative change evidenced histologically by an increased cellularity of the corium and the presence of fibroblasts. The capillaries also are increased in number and much dilated. Apparently as a result of this increased vascularity of the corium, there is an increased proliferation of the epithelium resulting in a thickening of the epidermis. This increase in thickness of the epithelial layer is especially marked in the prickle cells and the stratum granulosum. In the later stages, in an effort to secure a firm basement membrane, the epithelium is seen to dip down deeply into the rarefied connective tissue. About the blood vessels during the reactionary process are found collections of lymphoid cells, a few plasma cells, but no mast cells or eosinophiles. That the irritant producing the degeneration in the corium is sunlight in the presence of some predisposing factor, is suggested by the enormous increase in pigment formation in the epithelial cells and by the large number of chromatophores in the superficial layers of the corium. This pigmentation is autochthonous in both types of cell. There is no reason for believing that the pigment is formed in the cells of the corium and thence discharged into the epithelium, or that the reverse process takes place. The predisposing factor inducing the changes in the corium is, apparently, a lessened resistance of the epithelium to the violet and ultra-violet rays, due to some metabolic insufficiency on the part of the epithelial cells. Further observation may justify the conclusion that throughout the body, pellagra is a disease essentially of the epithelium, including the nervous system, this pathological condition manifesting itself by an insufficient or altered function.
1. Hypertrophy induced by the production of aortic insufficiency involves all the chambers of the heart. The greatest absolute increase in weight is in the left ventricle. The remaining segments, arranged in the order of decreasing increments are septum, right ventricle, and auricles. The greatest relative increase is also in the left ventricle, but the auricles show a relative hypertrophy greater than that of the septum or right ventricle. 2. The co-hypertrophy of the auricles is not due to an altered venous pressure, but results from an increased force of auricular systole. 3. The heart shows an increase in weight within one week after the production of aortic insufficiency. The increase in weight is due only in part to an increased water content.
The so-called syphilitic antibodies can be removed from a serum by means of absorption with barium sulphate. The removal is due either to an adsorption or a mechanical absorption. The activity of the syphilitic antibodies is thereby unimpaired. The readiness with which the absorption is accomplished with barium sulphate varies considerably with different syphilitic sera. That barium sulphate exerts the same absorbing effect upon non-syphilitic serum components is made evident by the interfering property which the latter manifest in the absorption experiment of the syphilitic antibodies. The selective removal of the serum components, other than the syphilitic antibodies, by means of barium sulphate absorption is, therefore, impossible. On the other hand, a partial removal of these components, with but little removal of the syphilitic antibodies, may be effected when the content of a given serum is poor in syphilitic antibodies and comparatively rich in the indifferent serum components. But this is impossible if the conditions are reversed. The main reasons why some negative syphilitic sera may be so modified by the barium sulphate treatment as to give positive reactions, are explained below, but these apply only to those methods in which inactivated serum is employed. The inactivation reduces the antibody content to about one-fourth to one-fifth of the original. When the serum is very rich in antibodies, this does not affect the result of the fixation test. But when the amount of the antibodies is small, the process of inactivation creates conditions quite unexpected. It may produce such a condition that a given amount of the serum contains, after inactivation, only one or two antibody units, while the other serum components remain undiminished. Here one must not lose sight of the vital fact that these apparently indifferent serum constituents are not at all indifferent in the fixation processes. They may possess affinities which are similar to those of complement for the fixing combination of syphilitic serum and antigen. Speaking quantitatively, one unit of the syphilitic antibodies plus antigen will fix 0.1 cubic centimeter of guinea pig complement, but this unit can also be saturated and blocked by nearly the same amount of the seemingly indifferent serum component of the serum to be tested. Moreover, the regular amount of inactivated serum used in the Wassermann system is 0.2 cubic centimeter, a quantity sufficient to saturate two units of the fixing combination. Fortunately, this self-saturation of the syphilitic antibody-antigen combination by the other serum components is not constant in occurrence, owing to the wide variations of the fixability of the serum components of man. Here the benefit of Wechselmann's procedure becomes obvious. By removing a surplus of the fixable indifferent serum components by means of barium sulphate, the serum is made to react positively, or more strongly than before the treatment with barium sulphate. This masking of the positive reaction through the self-saturation is liable to occur in any system in which inactivated serum is recommended. Another equally important factor in masking the positive reaction in a serum in which the antibodies are poor, is the presence in considerable amount of natural antisheep amboceptor in human serum. It is a plain and simple fact that an excess of hemolytic amboceptor renders a positive reaction feeble or completely negative. As we have shown in our present investigation, a hemolytic amboceptor can be removed from the serum by means of absorption with barium sulphate. Thus it is easy to understand why Wechselmann found that barium sulphate absorption improves the reaction in the original Wassermann system. The treatment of syphilitic serum with this salt can have a twofold benefit in the case of the original method of Wassermann; namely, the removal of certain interfering serum components and the removal or diminishing of the natural antisheep amboceptor present in the syphilitic serum. In the method of Noguchi, there is no necessity for applying the barium sulphate absorption. Noguchi recommends the use of unheated serum, hence the absolute amount of the serum employed is only one-half of the absolute amount of complement. Eventually an old serum may be anticomplementary and need inactivation, but if the result is doubtful in this instance, a fresh serum from the same patient may be secured and subjected to reëxamination. In this method there is no danger of introducing an amount of hemolytic amboceptor which is both unknown and uncontrollable, for the reason that human serum is usually devoid of isolysin (antihuman hemolytic amboceptor), and, if the latter is present, it never reaches the strength which shows any effect upon the hemolytic system employed. We conclude, therefore, that the barium sulphate absorption is to be recommended for the original method of Wassermann under certain conditions, but that it is unnecessary for the antihuman hemolytic system of Noguchi.
1. Under certain conditions, mechanical agitation destroys the complementary activity of guinea pig serum. It is most injurious when carried out constantly at a temperature of 37 degrees C., but it is extremely insignificant at 10 degrees C. After the first few hours at 37 degrees C., the destruction of complement proceeded much more rapidly, and after six hours it was almost complete. On the other hand, within one hour shaking had almost no destructive effect on complement, even at 37 degrees C. From this we may conclude that the several shakings which are necessary for fixation experiments during incubation do not modify perceptibly the outcome of the reactions. 2. The rate of destruction of the complement of guinea pig serum at temperatures above 45 degrees C. is progressively greater as it approaches 55 degrees C., at which temperature the activity is reduced in thirty minutes to one-thirtieth to one-fortieth of the original strength of the unheated serum; but it is not completely destroyed, as is commonly assumed. The velocity of destruction of guinea pig complement when exposed to 55 degrees C. for various lengths of time is found to be quite irregular, and not proportional to the length of time. This irregularity, however, presents a certain rhythm, a period of greater destruction alternating with one of less destruction.
Implanted mixtures of mouse embryo and tumor sometimes result in an excellent growth of both. To assure this, it is necessary that the tumor selected be one which proliferates slowly, because more active ones prevent the development of the fragments of embryo. Transplanted embryonic tissue (of the type used) does not, at its best, grow as rapidly or in so large a percentage of hosts as some tumors. The morphological relations between tumor and embryonic tissue in the mixed graft are often intimate. Apparently either may adapt the other to its structural purposes. Occasionally a direct union takes place between cancerous epithelium and that of the embryo, with result in pictures suggesting an origin of one from the other. This observation has considerable significance in view of the current reliance upon just such histological data to prove that cancer arises from normal epithelium.
1. Grafts of embryonic tissue obtained at operation and implanted in the mother, will grow well in case she no longer carries young. The growth is no more rapid than that in favorable nonpregnant aliens, but persists for a longer period without retrogression and results in a greater variety of tissues. The superiority of auto-transplantation over iso-transplantation is responsible for this fact. No evidence of a specific "growth-substance" peculiar to the pregnant state is furnished by the experiment. 2. When a mouse is implanted with embryonic tissue from her own uterus, and she still carries developing young, the fate of the grafts is very different from that just described. They are vascularized from the host but fail to grow or differentiate. Yet they do not die, and after pregnancy is concluded they may start to grow. The finding is strikingly like that noted by others of implanted tumor in pregnant hosts. It seems probable that some general factor affecting the growth of implanted tissues is here concerned.
The results in these experiments seem to justify us in concluding that the growth of mouse tumors in rats is very definitely promoted by mouse-rat parabiosis, the percentage of " takes" being markedly increased, the rate of growth accelerated, and the duration of active growth extended to at least seventeen days. These findings are in accord with Ehrlich's hypothesis, although, on account of the complexity of the factors involved in such experiments, other explanations may be advanced.
1. The description of two distinct types of aestivo-autumnal crescentic parasites given by Craig in Osler's Modern Medicine (with difference in extremities, amount and form of pigment, double-outline, etc.), I have been unable to confirm. 2. The crescentic parasite is throughout its entire existence extracellular (i. e., not within the substance of the red corpuscle, but attached to its surface). It develops from the familiar small ring-form parasite, retaining a circular contour until fully matured. 3. The very young ring-form parasite has no capsule; the macrogamete has one during its development and sexual activity; while the microgametocyte has it only during its development. 4. The Sexual Cycle of the crescent may occur in the circulating blood of its human host. This cycle is probably very rapid, for practically the whole cycle can be seen in a few smears taken from one puncture. The microgametocyte, or male, develops a flagellum (microgamete) which, after the parasite has assumed the crescentic phase, leaves the body of the parasite and enters the body of the macrogamete, or female, during its existence as a round body. Fertilization is then accomplished. 5. The microgametocyte, after the escape of the flagellum, shows evidence of degeneration and is probably cadaveric. 6. After fertilization, the macrogamete assumes the crescentic form, reaches the reproductive phase and undergoes sporulation, the product of which appears to be the small ring-form parasite, Renewed infection of the red cells then takes place. 7. That the sexual cycle is not seen oftener in the circulating blood of man may be due to one or more of the following reasons: (a) The process of reproduction may be and probably is very rapid (some forms of protozoa are exceeded in rapidity of reproduction only by bacteria). (b)The cycle may usually take place in some of the internal organs. (c) It may be that the sexual cycle occurs in the peripheral blood only at intervals, when it becomes necessary for the parasite to renew its exhausted vitality. (d) The occasional occurrence of the sexual cycle in the circulating blood may be due to some slight chemical change in the composition of the host's blood serum. 8. I find no good evidence of conjugation-forms in aestivo-autumnal malaria. I found some of the young ring form parasites in close approximation or overlying each other. As the sexual cycle does take place in the blood of man, such a process of conjugation would seem unnecessary, unless it occurred as an atypical process. The fact that the crescent is more resistant to quinine than the other varieties of malarial parasites might be explained by the presence of a capsule which appears to protect the parasite, certainly during the sexual phase and probably during the " resting " period (when not undergoing sexual changes). The youngest form of ring parasite shows no evidence of encapsulation. This may explain the fact that quinine is best administered just before the paroxysm when the parasite is undergoing segmentation.
1. Two important methods for the study of malarial pigment are described. (a) A method for obtaining a solution of malarial pigment from fixed tissues without the removal of a trace of hemoglobin from the red blood corpuscles. (b) A method for obtaining an iron reaction in malarial pigment. 2. By comparing the bleach reactions and solubility of melanins and malarial pigment, the dissimilarity of the two classes of pigments has been demonstrated. 3. The spectroscopic examination of a solution of malarial pigment proves conclusively that the pigment is hematin. 4. It is suggested that the action of a proteolytic enzyme of the malarial parasite upon the hemoglobin of the red blood corpuscle is the most probable mode of elaboration of malarial pigment. 5. The difficulty with which the human organism disposes of malarial pigment indicates that the production of hematin cannot be considered as a normal intermediate process in the formation of bile pigments from hemoglobin.
From a study of strongyloides infections in man and animals in this region, it has been determined, in confirmation of the view of Grassi, Calmette, and others, that they are not causative factors in the production of diarrhea. The mother worm, however, burrows into the mucosa and deposits her ova there. Certain tissue reactions take place and are evidenced by the cellular proliferation in those portions of the intestines occupied by the nematodes. In animals, there is an associated anemia, not positively attributable to the strongyloides, but, on the other hand, not attributable to any other cause. It is possible that S. stercoralis may cause some degree of anemia in man. The amount is indeterminable in this region among hospital cases on account of the associated hookworm disease or malaria. Portals of entry for various microörganisms are made by the female mother worm and her larvae in the small intestine, and, while no case of general bacterial infection has been proved to have arisen in this way, its occurrence is possible and highly probable. In the cultures of strongyloides of man, there is among natives, who presumably are infected with purely tropical strains, a very marked predominance of development by the indirect or sexually differentiated mode, in some cases, an absolutely pure culture of the indirect mode larvae being obtained. There are, however, natives, cultures from whose stools contain from a single filariform larva of the direct phase up to a very definite predominance of this mode. Cultures from natives of the temperate zones contain a marked predominance of the direct phase larvae. The presence of the filariform (direct mode), larva is perhaps best accounted for by its being an attempt at more perfect parasitism (Stiles). From a correlation of culture study with the results of a histological examination of the invaded mucosa, this explanation of the derivation of the two phases is suggested. The mother worm in the intestinal tract has two kinds of progeny: (a) those expelled into the crypts or lumen, and (b) those imbedded in the intestinal wall. One lot becomes larvae of either the direct or indirect phase; the other lot of the opposite phase. It appears to me that the intraepithelial cell-developed larvae furnish the direct phase, while the embryos expelled directly from the mother become the indirect phase larvae. This will require for its confirmation a study of cultures in connection with a histological examination of the infected intestinal wall. Cold merely inhibits the development of the larvgammaaelig; into either the filariform (direct) or into the sexually differentiated adults, and does not alter the anlage. The resistant as well as the infecting form is the filariform larva, and all chemical larvicides must be directed against this form. Thymol and an alkaline cresol resin soap were found to be effective larvicides for the filariform larvae. Two new strongyloides of the monkey and ant bear are described. Cultures of these nematodes show a predominance of the indirect mode of development.
1. The sera of rabbits injected repeatedly with the nucleoproteins, globulins, and albumins of the liver and kidney of the dog give no evidence in vitro or in vivo experiments of organ affinity. The precipitin test offers no proof of the specificity of these sera for the proteins employed as antigens. 2. The anaphylaxis reaction applied to the same proteins indicates a slight relative organ affinity but no specificity as far as the respective protein fractions are concerned. The relative organ affinity resides, rather, in the globulin and albumin fractions than in the nucleoprotein fraction. Dog serum used both as a sensitizing and an intoxicating agent gives rise to very active cross reactions with organ proteins, thus failing to support the theory of organ or of protein specificity. 3. These results do not support the view put forward that nucleoproteins play an important part in the course of production of cytotoxic immune sera.
In conclusion, it may be said that the lesion described consists of a selective impregnation of the elastic tissue in the splenic trabeculae and vessels with the phosphates-and perhaps other salts-of calcium and iron. There is a further chemical change in the elastic fibers which may be expressed by the term "elacin." Degenerated and, especially, calcified elastic tissue-even more than calcification in general-seems to possess an affinity for iron salts. The iron incrustations occur principally in congested or hemorrhagic tissues. The etiological agent in this case is obscure. The only other example of this lesion in the spleen was in a case of Banti's disease. Many features of this case suggest a primary splenomegaly, but the evidence in its favor is not conclusive. Calcified elastic fibers, without the iron and elacin reactions, were also present in the liver, which was the seat of a recent, apparently biliary or infectious, cirrhosis. The elastic tissue of other organs showed nothing remarkable except in the skin, where the fibers were undergoing the usual senile changes.
The injection of virulent cultures of Bacillus influenzae into the subdural space of several species of lower monkeys is followed by the development of an acute inflammation of the meninges, corresponding in clinical, bacteriological, and pathological effects with influenzal cerebrospinal meningitis in human beings. Experimental influenzal meningitis in the monkey is a lethal disease which terminates fatally in from thirty-six hours to four days after the inoculation. The injected influenza bacilli produce their effects through multiplication in the course of which they penetrate from the subdural space into the general blood current, from which they may be recovered during life and at autopsy, as is also true of the spontaneous form of influenzal meningitis in man. By repeated injection, over a period of many months, of living virulent cultures of Bacillus influenzae into the goat, an immune serum possessing moderate agglutinating and high opsonic power may be produced, which is capable, when injected into the subdural space, of arresting the progress of an experimental influenzal meningitis, and of bringing about recovery in monkeys thus affected. As a result of the serum injections, the influenza bacilli in the meninges are more freely englobed by phagocytes, their number is reduced, their capacity of growth diminished, and the eruption into the blood arrested. Along with these effects go, hand in hand, cessation of the local inflammatory process and progressive amelioration of the symptoms of illness, to be followed usually by rapid restoration of health. In view of the highly fatal character of influenzal meningitis in human beings, the employment of an immune serum by subdural injection is recommended. Undoubtedly it will be necessary to apply the serum early and by repeated injections, by means of lumbar puncture, to secure beneficial results. The early application will, in turn, be dependent upon prompt bacteriological diagnosis, which can be made, as a rule, by the immediate microscopical examination of the cerebrospinal fluid without the employment of cultural methods. When possible, the microscopical diagnosis should be confirmed by cultural tests.
The results of these experiments are definite. There is, in the first place, a very striking difference with regard to precipitate formation between the acid and alkaline solutions of salvarsan when injected intravenously. Intravenous injections of alkaline solutions of salvarsan produce no precipitate in the blood, while injections of the acid solution nearly always give a precipitate. Furthermore, after injections of the acid solution, there is a striking difference between the blood from the right side of the heart and that from the left side. At the end of injections of an acid solution of salvarsan, a precipitate was seldom present in the arterial blood. Blood taken from the left ventricle at this time (at autopsy) also showed no precipitate in a large majority of cases; in eight experiments there was no precipitate, in three a doubtful trace of precipitate, and in one a definite small amount. On the other hand, blood obtained from the right ventricle and the lungs showed a very different condition. In ten out of twelve animals (rabbits and dogs), blood from the right ventricle contained a definite precipitate, and in a number of these cases the amount of precipitate was large. Blood squeezed from the lungs showed in eight out of ten cases at least as much precipitate as was found in the blood from the right ventricle. The results of injections of alkaline solutions of salvarsan, as pointed out before, are quite different from those produced by the acid solutions. In thirteen experiments upon dogs and rabbits, no trace of a precipitate was found in the arterial blood, the blood from the left ventricle, the right ventricle, or the lungs. There is no apparent difference in the process of precipitate formation whether salvarsan solutions and the blood are mixed in vivo or in vitro. In both mixtures the acid solutions produce a precipitate, while the alkaline solutions of salvarsan do not. These experiments have demonstrated the fact that a precipitate is present in the blood after an injection of an acid solution of salvarsan. One would expect that such a precipitate, consisting as it usually does of rather coarse particles, would, if brought to the medulla, cause immediate death by producing emboli. However, the freedom from such occurrences may be explained by the fact that the precipitate, which is abundantly present in the right ventricle, is only rarely seen in blood taken from the carotid or femoral arteries or even from the left ventricle itself. The fact itself, however, is quite difficult to interpret. It might perhaps be assumed that the precipitate is filtered out during its passage through the lung capillaries. If this is the case, we might expect intravenous injections of salvarsan to produce embolism in the pulmonary vessels with consequent fatal results. As a matter of fact, we have in the recent literature an instance which seems to point to such a result. Miessner (6) tried the effects of salvarsan in cattle which had foot and mouth disease. He used at first the acid solution, and though the dose was small, seven milligrams per kilo of body weight, all the animals (four) died in from ten hours to two days after the injection. They all showed labored respiration during or soon after the injection of salvarsan. He then decreased the dose to five milligrams per kilo of body weight, and repeated the experiments. He used also normal animals as controls upon those which had the foot and mouth disease. Both the sick and normal (control) animals showed labored respiration. One died after four days. At autopsy all organs except the lungs appeared to be normal. The lungs presented the following appearance: There were grayish yellow spots scattered irregularly over the surface. On the cut surface these were seen as grayish yellow spots the size of a pea, which appeared in groups and which sometimes filled a lobule completely. Other spots were surrounded by a small area of dark red lung parenchyma. The affected portion contained no air and felt solid. In adjacent parts the tissue seemed normal. A microscopic examination showed that the larger and smaller pulmonary arteries were filled with uniform, homogeneous, yellow masses. About the vessels there was a serous exudate. In brief, the changes seen indicated, he believed, that there was a thrombosis of the blood-vessels with inflammatory exudative changes of the lung parenchyma. Miessner states that a similar pathological condition was found in a normal control animal that died. He suggests that the acid solution of salvarsan might lead in man to a thrombosis of the pulmonary arteries. In support of this suggestion, he mentions a case reported to him by Ehrlich of a man who died following the injection of an acid solution. The lung picture in this case was somewhat similar to that which he had found in cattle. It may be mentioned in passing that Miessner found that alkaline solutions of salvarsan were far less toxic than the acid solutions. Animals (cattle) which received in an alkaline solution 400 milligrams of salvarsan per kilo of body weight did not show the least symptom of disturbance. In contrast to Miessner's results seem to stand my observations and those of Auer described in the introduction of this paper. Auer (5) found (in 8 rabbits) that no evident harmful effects followed the injections of very large doses of the acid solution, if they were given in a highly diluted form (one tenth per cent.). In my own experiments, it was found that a one fifth per cent. acid solution (3 rabbits) and even a one half per cent. solution (1 rabbit) produced no ill effects. The experiments described in this paper make it certain that the doses of the acid solution given to these last mentioned four animals must have produced a precipitate in the right ventricle and in the lungs, and yet the animals survived and showed no symptoms whatever of disturbance following the injection. This difference between our observations and those of Miessner might perhaps be explained by the assumption that the action of salvarsan in acid solution is more deleterious to cattle than to rabbits. Furthermore, Miessner seems to have injected the salvarsan in high concentrations. In one instance, in which figures are given, the drug was administered in a five per cent. solution. As mentioned before, Auer has shown the importance of the concentration. While in a one tenth per cent. solution twenty and thirty milligrams per kilo of body weight of the acid solution may be injected with impunity, even six or seven milligrams per kilo may prove rapidly fatal when injected in a one half per cent. solution. Our own results, however, leave us with two puzzling questions : First, if the acid solution of salvarsan causes such a coarse precipitate in the right ventricle and in the lungs, how does it happen that this precipitate does not bring about the death of the animal? Second, what is the real cause of the remarkable fact that this precipitate does not pass over into the arterial side of the circulation? Does the precipitate undergo a profound chemical or mechanical change while it passes through the lung capillaries? In future investigations we may try to answer these interesting questions. For the present, it is necessary to be content with the establishment of the bare facts as they are presented in the conclusions.
These results seem definitely to show, through animal experiments, that phagocytic immunity is to a high degree specific for the organism used in immunization, and that the amount of opsonin produced in the process depends to a great extent on the virulence of the organism. The negative results obtained with post-critical sera do not mean that opsonins may not be present (our five positive cases indicate their presence), but they emphasize strongly the fact that they are not formed to any great extent. Therefore this study adds further support to the view that although opsonic immunity is produced in pneumonia, it is not the only means of defense possessed by the body, and by itself it cannot explain the crisis.
1. Rat sarcoma may be cultivated in mouse plasma and guinea pig plasma, and the growth differs only in extent from that observed in rat plasma. The cells may show active wandering in guinea pig plasma after thirty days, if transferred at proper intervals to fresh medium. 2. Rabbit plasma is less suitable than that of guinea pigs and mice for the growth of rat sarcoma; growth is slow, but it may continue for twelve days. 3. The duration of growth of rat sarcoma in dog plasma is from two to three days. 4. The duration of the growth of rat sarcoma in pigeon plasma is four to five days. Transferring the tissue to fresh pigeon plasma does not lengthen the period of activity. 5. No growth whatever is observed of mouse and rat tissues in goat plasma. Studies of the fate of the cells indicate the presence in goat serum of a substance toxic for these tissues. 6. In preparations of rat sarcoma in human plasma, liquefaction of fibrin is regularly observed. The phenomena of growth consist in an outwandering of cells along the cover glass, and, after four to six days, the formation of giant cells. Such giant cells are produced in larger number in the cultivation of rat spleen. 7. The degree of suitability of the different kinds of alien plasma used as culture media for mouse and rat tissues does not go hand in hand with the closeness of relationship of the species. 8. Rat spleen may be cultivated as readily in foreign plasma as the virulent transplantable tumors.
Repeated experiments have proven that few, if any, of the ordinary laboratory and domestic animals are immune against infection by Bacillus leprae. As previously reported, the goat, horse, guinea pig, and many cold-blooded animals (Couret) have been found susceptible to invasion by this organism. Two factors are of great importance in effecting infection. In the first place, a sufficiently large number of organisms must be employed, and, what is still more important, second and subsequent inoculations are more liable to produce leprous lesions than are primary injections. Moderate doses used in the first inoculation of animals are comparatively harmless as regards their ability to induce lesions. Such preliminary doses, whether they consist of living or dead organisms, produce a condition of hypersensitiveness or allergy, which renders it possible by a second injection of viable bacilli to induce the development of a reactionary lesion. Lesions arising as the result of a second inoculation develop more rapidly, increase in size more quickly, and persist for a longer period than those taking place as the result of a single inoculation, even though very large doses are used. Moreover, the bacilli in these lesions are more liable to lead to metastasis and to a generalized infection. We regard the results of these experiments as having considerable bearing upon the development of the disease in human cases, since we find that it is chiefly among those living in prolonged intimate contact with leprous patients that leprosy develops. The proper interpretation of these findings is difficult and becomes, apparently, more complex the longer they are studied. We are accustomed to similar phenomena of anaphylaxis or allergy with protein materials and with certain bacteria, especially the tubercle bacillus. It is not surprising that a specific allergy or altered reaction should take place in animals previously injected with leprosy bacilli, either alive or dead; why, however, lesions should develop in which the bacilli continue to grow in animals which had recovered from previous injections, or the serum of which showed bactericidal properties and contained other specific antibodies, is not so easily understood. It is unnecessary in this paper to discuss the relative value of the different theories brought forward to explain the phenomenon of anaphylaxis. It must, nevertheless, be assumed that either as the result of the splitting of certain essentially non-toxic substances in the bacillus by specific ferment-like substances in the blood, which increase after a sensitizing dose, or by the joining of some body in the serum with certain substances in the bacilli, a toxic body is produced. Following the setting free or development of these injurious bodies, there results a cellular reaction, an area of local necrosis followed usually by the appearance of cells of the lymphoid and epithelioid type, and, especially if dead bacilli are used, by polymorphonuclear leucocytes. Such a reaction is usual in all allergic or anaphylactic conditions; but why the reaction should pre-dispose to the more or less permanent development of parasitic powers on the part of the bacilli is not so plain. The idea has been expressed by us, as the result of observations based chiefly upon the study of the changes in the tissues of human leprosy, that the presence of bacilli within the large multinucleated cells that are characteristic of the lesion is the result of active multiplication of the bacilli in these cells rather than of phagocytosis by the cells, although it is possible that their original entrance may be the result of phagocytic action. If this be the case, it is possible that, through the cellular reaction plus the necrosis of certain of the fixed tissue cells, a pabulum of split protein products results upon which the bacilli feed, and in which they find protection from the antibodies present in the blood serum. In our attempts to induce infection in various mammalian species with cultures of human leprosy, positive results have been obtained in almost every instance after the second injection of large numbers of the organism. In this manner, we have been successful in the production of lesions in the monkey, goat, horse, guinea pig, and mouse. The results of these experiments lead us to believe that the mechanism through which invasion and multiplication follows in these lower animals is similar to if not identical with that in man. A careful study of the progress of the disease in man together with the behavior of the organism in the monkey and the goat would suggest, at least, that the function of toxin production is, after all, of little use to the leprosy bacillus because it has seemingly acquired a highly parasitic existence; instead of which it is not only possible, but highly probable, that its defensive protection, whatever it may be, is enormously developed. After the inoculation of animals with either dead or living bacilli, the production of specific antibodies is induced; these do not develop in any considerable amount and apparently show no marked tendency to increase upon repeated injections. The tests of the sera in vitro indicate that the antisubstances are produced chiefly by the first few injections. Either the existence of some specific bacterial protective body, or what seems more probable, the protection afforded by the host cells in which the bacilli become ensconsed accounts, we believe, for the difficulty of producing in animals an antiserum of high potency. The idea, too, that the bacilli do not multiply to any great extent until they have entered certain cells of the host has, in a large measure, been verified by the artificial cultivation experiments. We know from our studies upon the biology of the organism that it will live for years in the most unfavorable conditions. This would suggest that during their sojourn in the tissue cells death as the result of autolysis rarely occurs, and as long as the cells can withstand the multiplication of the bacilli within and remain alive, so long are the bacilli protected from outside injurious influences, in consequence of which no disintegration of bacilli occurs to induce the production of immune bodies. On the other hand, death of the cells carrying the bacilli must occur from time to time, and this exposes large numbers of the organisms to the action of the body fluids, and, in consequence, to the condition of formation of specific antibodies.
1. Lesions of the testicle and scrotum of the rabbit produced by the treponema of syphilis and of yaws afford material for the study of chemotherapy, of serum reactions, and of immunity. 2. On experimental and clinical grounds, it appears that yaws can be cured with a smaller dose of salvarsan than is necessary to cure syphilis. 3. The spirochaetae of syphilis do not become resistant after repeated treatments with salvarsan. 4. Sodium cacodylate has little effect on the treponema of either disease. 5. Mercury, in a single intravenous dose, has a spirillicidal effect, but the necessary dose usually causes the death of the animal later from nephritis. 6. Potassium iodid, in a single intravenous dose, has no spirillicidal effect. 7. The complement fixation reaction is closely correlated with the course of an infection, as is shown by its onset and its disappearance after castration or treatment. 8. Reinfection during the course of a testicular lesion does not occur, but it occurs after regression, treatment, or extirpation. 9. Specific differences between Treponema pallidum and Trepanema pertenue can be demonstrated in infected animals treated with salvarsan and reinoculated.
In conclusion, it may be pointed out that this is the first time that Treponema pallidum of Schaudinn has been proven beyond all doubt to have been obtained in pure culture. The method of cultivation described would appear also to be suitable for obtaining indefinite generations of the microorganism. Doubtless slight modifications will adapt it to a larger number of strains and possibly to the cultivation of all strains and to still other species of treponema. Finally, it may now be accepted as established that the testicular lesions produced in rabbits by means of syphilitic materials are the result of the multiplication of the pallida and not of some associated indefinite parasite.
Subdural inoculation of tubercle bacilli of established virulence for guinea pigs and rabbits, produces in the dog a tuberculous meningitis, followed by paralysis and death. When suspensions of canine leucocytes are injected subdurally, following such inoculations there occurs uniformly a delay in the development of the paralysis and a prolongation of the life of the treated animal. In dogs inoculated with small doses of tubercle bacilli of low virulence, the development of paralysis has been prevented by this means for periods of seven months (up to the present date), while the untreated animals injected with the same cultures have all developed paralytic symptoms within a period of about four weeks.
The electrocardiographic records taken during vagus stimulation by pressure from children suffering with chronic heart disease have shown that the stimulation of the vagi in these cases is strikingly effectual. In some of the cases, a definite difference was demonstrated between the action of the right and left vagi. The control of the rate of the heart-beat seemed to predominate usually in the right vagus nerve, while the control of stimulus conduction from auricles to ventricles apparently predominated usually in the left vagus. This difference in the two nerves probably exists on account of the difference in their anatomical distribution, the right vagus going especially to that part of the heart which controls the rate of contraction, the sinus node above the right auricle, and the left vagus going especially to that part in which the conducting mechanism is found. Each nerve, however, has to a lesser degree the function which predominates in the other. The whole heart seems to respond, as a rule, more promptly to right than to left vagus pressure, and fairly constant differences have been seen in the effects which stimulation of each nerve has on the various waves of the electrocardiograms. The stimulation of each vagus may influence directly the contractions of the ventricles, causing great diminution in their force. Right vagus stimulation was followed at times by a complete dissociation of auricles and ventricles. The auricular rhythm was slowed sufficiently at this time to allow the ventricles, whose inherent rhythmicity is apparently unaffected by right vagus stimulation, to take up their own independent rhythm. The heightened ventricular rhythmicity in these cases allowed this to take place after only moderate slowing of the auricles. The independent ventricular rhythm was sometimes established in the region of the node of Tawara, for no disturbance of the ventricular portion of the electrocardiogram occurred. At another time, some other point in the ventricles inaugurated the stimuli of the independent ventricular contractions and an abnormal electrocardiogram resulted. The resemblance of our curves, showing dissociation, to those obtained during right vagus and left accelerator stimulation in dogs is definite. That analogy, the clinical picture, and the form of the electrocardiograms of these cases have led us to the belief that an important feature in the pathological physiology of these cases is hypertonus of the cardiac accelerator nerves. This factor, as a cause of symptoms and as a hindrance to the establishment of cardiac rest, may prove of great importance, against which a new form of cardiac therapeutics must be directed.
1. Splenectomy in dogs results in an immediate increase of cells in the thoracic duct lymph, due to the manipulation involved in the operation. This increase is soon followed by a low cell count, attributable to the removal of an important source of the cells under consideration. Several months after the operation, a normal cell count is reëstablished, due probably to a readjustment of activity on the part of other cell-forming tissues. 2. Pilocarpin injections after splenectomy result in an increase of cells, attributable to an increased activity of the respiratory organs and of the intestine. 3. After the injection of pilocarpin, splenectomy may increase the cell count, but it causes a decrease sooner than in cases of pilocarpin injection not followed by splenectomy.
I have described the successful cultivation of two distinct species of Treponema from the oral cavity of man. The species differ from one another morphologically and in respect to their cultural properties. As the two species have now been clearly separated and cultivated for the first time, I propose for them the names Treponema microdentium and macrodentium, respectively. Division along the longitudinal axis has been demonstrated for both Treponema macrodentium and microdentium. When the micro- and macrodentium are cultivated under imperfect anaerobic conditions, they undergo involution, but still continue to vegetate to some extent. Finally, a spiral organism has been cultivated and described that may be merely an involuted form of the macrodentium, or it may be a new species altogether.
A method for the direct cultivation of Treponema pallidum from human syphilitic lesions, by the employment of a solid medium, has been described. By means of it, three of the four strains worked with were successfully cultivated. The several pure cultures agree in morphological and cultural characters, grow only in the presence of sterile tissue under anaerobic conditions, and do not produce putrefactive odors. The morphology is typical under optimum cultural conditions; it becomes atypical when the conditions are unfavorable. In cultures, Treponema pallidum multiplies by longitudinal division. The process is usually symmetrical but occasionally appears to be asymmetrical. Inoculation of the pure cultures into the skin of two species of lower monkeys was followed by the production of lesions resembling the primary syphilitic lesion occurring in man and those caused in the monkey by inoculation of spirochaetae-containing serum from human sources. During the course of the positive inoculation in the monkey, the blood develops the property of giving a positive Wassermann reaction. Thus the relation of Treponema pallidum to this reaction is supported, and the identity of the cultivated strains with the species found in human syphilitic lesions established.
In my three cases of intestinal infantilism, the kreatinin excretion was more irregular than normally, and the kreatinin coefficient was low. Kreatin was found in the urine on a kreatin-free diet. The sum of kreatinin and kreatin was also irregular. The endogenous uric acid was irregular from day to day. The kreatin excretion is apparently lower on a high fat diet than on a high carbohydrate diet.
In three cases of intestinal infantilism, the excretion of nitrogen in the urine per square meter of body surface was low. The heat radiation was normal. In spite of the fact that the absolute quantity of nitrogen was low, the distribution of nitrogen and sulphur among the various nitrogen and sulphur constituents of the urine was in the normal ratio. The ammonia excretion was normal. The ethereal sulphates were slightly increased. The respiratory coefficient showed that the supply of glycogen had not been used up after eighteen hours' starvation.
The direct inoculation of a sarcoma of the fowl into the developing chick embryo or its membranes has yielded growths in many cases. The best results have been obtained with grafts of the living tumor tissue, but, as in the adult, growths can be engendered with dried tissue or with the Berkefeld filtrate of a tumor extract. When living tumor tissue is used, an actual transplantation occurs. The neoplasms developing are spindle-celled sarcomata, remarkably uniform in structure, and similar to those in the adult fowl, except that in the embryo the neoplastic cells are often extremely long and slender, and the structure of the growth is very loose. The membranes adapt themselves in a remarkable way to the support of the tumors. In them, the growth is seldom invasive; and while regional metastases are occasionally seen, none occur by the bloodstream, despite the predilection of the growth for this path of distribution in adult hosts. In the more resistant structures of the embryo itself, an invasive extension of the sarcoma occurs. Growths originally in the yolk-sac outside the chick may be carried into the latter during the course of development. Secondary growths in the viscera may cause the death of the host some weeks after hatching. In order to produce tumors in the embryo, the sarcoma cells or the agent engendering the growth must be brought into a direct association with the mesodermal tissues. This necessity is responsible for interesting differences in the location of the growths in the various membranes. The sarcoma will grow in the membranes of pigeon or duck embryos, whereas in adults of these species it will not do so; and in chicken embryos of different varieties, it grows uniformly well, a finding not obtained in adults. In embryo hosts of all the sorts mentioned, there is a total absence of the cellular reaction which in adults indicates resistance to the tumor's development. Relatively speaking, the embryo seems much more favorable than the adult as a host for the sarcoma.
The numerous attempts made in the last twenty-five years to reproduce lobar pneumonia in animals practically failed in all instances. By intrabronchial insufflation of pure cultures of pneumococcus in dogs, we produced experimental pneumonia successively in forty-two cases, with a mortality of at least 16 per cent. The fatal cases resembled closely lobar pneumonia in man. In the non-fatal cases, the pathological and bacteriological findings were again in accord with the findings in man. Clinically, however, the cases of nonfatal experimental pneumonia run a milder and shorter course than in man. In a few instances, lobar pneumonia has been produced experimentally also with the Pneumococcus mucosus and with Friedländer's pneumobacillus. The anatomical findings in these experiments have shown some characteristics agreeing with the findings in the pneumonias of man produced by these organisms. The quantity of the injected culture seemed to have a definite influence upon the outcome of the disease; in the fatal cases larger quantities of the culture had been injected. The animals were neither selected nor prepared in any manner. The experimental success did not, therefore, appear to depend upon the degree of resistance of the individual hosts. It is suggested that the uniformly successful results of the experiments were due to the obliteration of a large number of bronchi by the injected culture, through which mechanical effect a favorable opportunity was provided the pneumococci to develop and display their pathogenic activities consisting in the calling forth of a characteristic local, more or less effective, widespread, inflammatory reaction of the lung tissue.
When many cultures of Treponema pallidum, whether obtained from the testicular lesions produced in rabbits or directly from human cases of syphilis, are compared, certain definite differences in morphological character become apparent. The different specimens can be divided into thicker and thinner forms or types, and an average or normal form or type. The last is the common or most frequent variety, but the other two occur with sufficient frequency and retain their characters with such constancy as to constitute distinct varieties. Indeed, two of the varieties-the average and the thinner-occurred in association in a chancre and were separated afterwards in cultures. The gross cultural properties of the three varieties present no points of distinction. The lesions caused in the testicle of the rabbit differ according to the variety inoculated, and consist either of a diffuse or of a nodular orchitis. This is a highly important distinction, and if, in the study of a still larger number of specimens of pallida, it is maintained, it is capable of throwing light on certain important clinical features of the human syphilitic disease. The thinner variety of Treponema pallidum resembles in morphology Treponema microdentium, from which it is unmistakably distinguished by cultural characters. The morphological and pathogenic variations in cultures of the pallidum may constitute racial differences within the species.
Although the results of this study have been of a negative character, the conclusions that may be drawn from it have an important bearing on the true anatomical character of the islands. 1. Neither inanition nor the prolonged injection of secretin has any noteworthy effect upon the number, size, or structure of the islands of Langerhans in the dog's pancreas. 2. The islands of Langerhans in the guinea pig's pancreas are in no way altered in phlorizin diabetes. 3. The islands of Langerhans are not formed out of exhausted or degenerated acini, but develop from the ducts or acini with which they are often in direct continuity.
What is believed to be the first known case of heart-block arising in a dog as a result of an ingenerate pathological lesion is here reported. The auriculo-ventricular dissociation was of that degree known as relatively complete block and became apparent on section of the right vagus nerve. Stimulation of the peripheral end of the cut vagus failed to inhibit the ventricles, although complete inhibition of the auricles occurred. The same results were obtained during the ventricular acceleration produced by strophanthin, so that the failure of the vagus to inhibit the ventricles is not due to the latter's infrequent action, but more probably to a normal lack of direct chronotropic influence upon the ventricular muscle. These findings are similar to those obtained by Erlanger in experimental heart-block. To small repeated doses of strophanthin injected intravenously the heart reacted as follows: (a) irregular slowing of the auricles and conversion of the relatively complete into an absolutely complete a-v block; (b) a rise in the irritability of the cardiac muscle manifested by a rapidly progressing auricular and ventricular frequency, the ventricular frequency surpassing ultimately the auricular frequency; (c) complete arrest of the auricles, the ventricles continuing at their high rate; (d) sudden fibrillation of the ventricles and shortly afterwards arrest in diastole. There were found post mortem myxomatous-like thickenings at the free edge of the septal tricuspid leaflet and at the attached margin of the posterior aortic leaflet and along part of the right anterior aortic leaflet. There was also a grayish patch on the right side of the auricular septum above the auriculo-ventricular junction. The thickenings at the edge of the valves consisted of dense, circumscribed masses of what appeared to be new connective tissue. The same tissue was found pressing against the bundle along the greater part of the latter's course. There was considerable fatty infiltration of the auricular musculature immediately above the bundle and, to a slight extent, of the bundle itself. The fibers of communication between the auricular muscle and the node of Tawara were relatively few as compared with those of the normal heart. A review of the pathology of heart-block is appended, showing the present status of the question, concerning the relationship existing between disease of the a-v conducting system and the various grades of heart-block.
In summing up the results of these investigations attention is called in particular to the following facts. Dead pneumococcus culture material does not contain the active poisons formed in infection by living pneumococci. Characteristic lesions are not induced by dead cultures. But substances are present in the pneumococcus cells, and especially in culture filtrates free from pneumococcus cells, that give rise to an immunity in which the poisons of virulent pneumococci are inactive. In immune sera specific agglutinative, precipitative, lytic, and opsonic activities are present. But to the action of immune sera, virulent pneumococci are singularly insusceptible. This is due chiefly to qualities acquired by the organisms during their propagation through animals. In the test-tube this insusceptibility is overcome only under exceptional conditions which destroy these qualities or neutralize their effects. Lysis may be brought about by inhibition of growth, and phagocytosis by loss of virulence. In the tissues inhibition of growth and resistance to the poisons of the pneumococcus are brought about, but in ways more subtle if less exceptional, for both lysis and phagocytosis are active factors in the recovery of certain animals from infection.
From the results of this study of the action of immune sera on pneumococcus infection it is evident that immune sera vary greatly in their curative value. Immune sera possess protective action, but protective action is not necessarily indicative of curative action. Treatment with the serum of normal rabbits may prolong the course of pneumococcus infection in the rabbit. This action, however, is slight and not always manifest. Sera from animals immunized with dead pneumococcus cells which had been washed free from their products, failed to exert materially greater curative action than normal sera. Sera from animals immunized with culture filtrates free from pneumococcus cells possessed, in some instances, a slight curative value, but often this curative action was not apparent. In animals actively immunized, however, the presence of an immunity to culture filtrates was readily demonstrated. In the immunity produced by injections of dead culture material the strength was not sufficiently exalted for the sera to possess a practical curative value. It was only after immunization with virulent living cultures that the blood serum acquired marked curative action. After pneumococcus infection in the rabbit had become established, treatment with this serum induced crisis and cured the animals. From the results of the study of the mechanism of recovery it is evident that, despite the fact that virulent pneumococci are singularly insusceptible to the action of immune sera in the test-tube, pneumococcus infection nevertheless conforms to the general law of infection. Diphtheria and tetanus organisms give rise to powerful toxins, but the parasitism of these organisms is slight and their development is localized. Diseases produced by these organisms are toxemias and neutralization of their toxins by antitoxin puts an end to the disease. The pneumococcus gives rise to toxic substances which are less active or are active only in the body tissues, but the parasitism of this organism is marked and its development is rarely localized. Nevertheless, the manifestations of the disease arise from the action of the bacterial poisons on the tissues. The neutralization of the pneumococcus poisons by immune serum puts an end to the symptoms of the disease, but the pneumococci survive as harmless parasites until destroyed by lysis or phagocytosis. The neutralization of the pneumococcus poison may take place suddenly and completely as in crises; or, it may be incomplete with exacerbations of infection, as in lysis. Crisis, as it occurs in the lobar pneumonia of man and in the bacteriemia of the rabbit, is simply one phase of recovery, and recovery does not differ fundamentally, whether it is sudden and complete as in crisis, or incomplete and prolonged as in lysis, or whether the pneumococci are destroyed by lysis extracellularly as in the rabbit, or intracellularly as in the phagocytosis of the dog and man. Since the recovery of animals from pneumococcus infection differs in no essential from that of man, since the unaided protective mechanism of man as compared with that of susceptible animals is exceptionally efficient, and since it is possible by treatment with sera from animals highly immunized with living cultures of virulent pneumococci to cure pneumococcus infection in the most susceptible animals, it is difficult to conceive of the infection in man failing to yield similarly to the administration of such sera.
1. In plasma there exists a vasodilator substance specific for the vessels of the kidney. 2. This substance is a proteid of the albumin class and is precipitated by boiling and by alcohol. 3. It is present also in the serum. 4. It acts directly on the muscle coats of the arteries. 5. The process of clotting of the blood liberates a constrictor substance that acts on the renal vessels and also on the vessels of the limb. 6. This constrictor substance is not a proteid; it resists boiling, is soluble in alcohol, and acts directly on the muscle coat.
When intrabronchial insufflation of pure cultures of the streptococcus or of the influenza bacillus is properly carried out, it produces without fail a pneumonic lesion. This lesion is similar in its nature to the one known in human pathology as bronchopneumonia, and differs materially from the pneumonic lesion produced experimentally by the intrabronchial insufflation of pure cultures of the pneumococcus. Considering the fact that none of the dogs used in the experiments with the pneumococcus and none of those used in the present investigation were selected or prepared in any way, the conclusion seems to be unavoidable that the proper invasion of the microörganism is the determining factor in the development of pneumonia, the condition of the animal being only a minor element in this regard. Furthermore, since different organisms introduced in the same way and under conditions which are apparently the same produced distinctly different pneumonic lesions in animals of the same species, the further conclusion presents itself that the different types of pneumonia are produced by specifically different bacteria. However, further investigation may show that the differences in the nature of the lesion are due rather to the degree of virulence of the causative microörganism than to differences in the species; that is, that different lesions may possibly be produced by organisms of the same species, provided they possess different degrees of virulence. Further experimentation may also show that the condition of the animal and of the affected organ which, in the onset and development of the pneumonic disease, is, perhaps, unimportant, may be the leading factor in determining the course and outcome of the disease.
Injection of oil of turpentine into the peritoneal cavity of a dog calls forth immediately an exudate of fluid from the surrounding tissues. The amount of fluid reaches the maximum on the third day and has practically disappeared on the fifth day. The cell content of this fluid is very small at first, but increases rapidly. The type of the predominating cells also changes. In the early exudate the small mononuclear cells are numerous and the large mononuclears few. Later the number of large mononuclear cells is increased and ultimately the polymorphonuclear cells preponderate. Various forms of atypical cells also occur. Much of the fluid and many of the cells are removed by way of the thoracic duct. The counts of the cells in the thoracic duct and the estimates based on these indicate that the duct does not remove all of the fluid or cells from the peritoneal cavity. Much fluid is probably taken back directly into the blood, as are many of the cells. Some of the cells make their way to the lymph nodes, while many perhaps undergo complete autolysis in the serous cavity. The polymorphonuclear cells do not enter the thoracic duct in great numbers. Examination of the lymph from the thoracic duct in the case of my dogs showed the types of cells that are usually found there. The variation in small mononuclear cells is so related to the cell content of the peritoneal effusion as to indicate that the supply in the blood is maintained from this source. The form and staining qualities of the cells indicate that many of the small mononuclear cells are returned to the thoracic duct. The ratio of polymorphonuclear cells present in the lymph bears no definite relation to the other features of the process. The transitional cells were increased in number and in their ratio to other cells. The increase in the transitional types accompanies an increase in large mononuclear cells and a decrease in small mononuclears. None of the atypical forms of cells found in the effusion were seen in the lymph. The number of eosinophils is without apparent relation to the other features of the process. No polymorphonuclear cells containing the pigment injected were found in the lymph of the thoracic duct, and the number of mononuclear cells containing pigment was small. Much pigment was deposited in the lymph nodes. Detailed and definite conclusions as to the relation between the cells of the lymph and those of the effusion cannot be arrived at satisfactorily without repeated observations on the same animal. Dr. Warthin examined many of the smears from these cases and frequently controlled the conclusions regarding the various types of cells. Dr. P. F. Morse assisted me frequently with the operative procedures and with the routine counting of the cells.
An analysis of the results of the experiments reported in this investigation shows that the changes so frequently observed in tissues surrounding a growing tumor may be caused by different conditions. The development and growth of a malignant tumor depends upon a local interaction between tumor cells and organ cells. When the cells of a normal organ are capable of inhibiting tumor growth, then an impairment of the normal state of the parenchymatous cells of this particular organ is essential for the growth of the tumor. This "precancerous state" does not consist primarily of an inflammatory change in the adjacent connective tissue, as Ribbert and his followers maintain, but in a degeneration of the parenchymatous cells of the organ. If, in another instance, the cells of the normal organs are unable to inhibit the proliferation of the tumor cells, then no preparation of the cells of the organ for the tumor is necessary, i. e., no "precancerous state" is needed to enable the tumor to grow. On the other hand, the proliferating tumor cells injure normal cells, either mechanically or chemically, producing a condition that appears on superficial examination like that described as the "precancerous state." In reality, however, this condition is the resultant effect of the tumor growth and may be more correctly designated the "postcancerous state." In these conditions, then, von Hansemann's explanation of the phenomenon, and not Ribbert's, seems to be the correct one. Of still greater importance is the fact demonstrated in the last series of experiments; namely, that the general condition of resistance or immunity to cancer growth exerts a greater influence on the organism of the animal than any of the local conditions described above. The local resistance of a testicle to tumor growth in a generally susceptible animal may be overcome, but if an animal is made generally immune to the growth of cancer, neither the animal as a whole nor a single organ or tissue in it can be made susceptible to the growth of the tumor.
The analysis of the experiments described above indicates that tumors of the white rat or white mouse inoculated into parenchymatous organs acquire a different biological character from those inoculated subcutaneously. The latter are a great deal more benign in their behavior than human cancer or spontaneous tumors in the same species of animals. Tumors inoculated into organs, on the other hand, are quite identical in their biological behavior with the malignant tumors of animal and man. A conclusion must then be drawn, even a priori, that the method of inoculation into organs is a very important aid in the experimental investigation of cancer. It is true that the method is a great deal more complicated and time-consuming than the ordinary subcutaneous inoculation. The subcutaneous method is satisfactory for a number of cancer problems. One of these is the study of general susceptibility and resistance of the organism of the host to the inoculation of the tumors, and this is a subject of paramount importance in cancer research. On the other hand, the investigations of the writer (10) have shown that an animal may be susceptible to a subcutaneous inoculation of a certain tumor and resist the inoculation of the same tumor into the testicle. Undoubtedly this method of inoculation will reveal the existence of a number of other phenomena. The discovery of specific therapeutic measures is certainly the greatest problem in cancer research. A great deal of work has been done already on the subject, and the latest investigations of Wassermann on the chemotherapy of experimental tumors seem to be of great promise. But here also the therapeutic methods must be tried on animals in which the inoculations of tumor cells have been made into parenchymatous organs before the growths thus treated will have any analogy to human cancer. In this connection one must bear in mind the fact that all the empirical so-called specific cancer remedies, which are continually being devised, are usually successful in treating localized skin cancers and fail utterly in the malignant growths of the internal organs. It is comparatively easy to produce a localized necrosis and softening in a circumscribed growth of the skin and subcutaneous tissue, but whether the same result will be produced on a diffuse and better nourished tumor growing inside of a parenchymatous organ cannot be decided a priori. To determine this it is necessary to have experimental proof on animals in which the tumor was inoculated into organs.
In experiment I a group of ameboid cells was isolated from a culture of cardiac muscle sixty-three days old, and cultivated in plasma. After several passages, they formed a dense tissue from which ameboid cells radiated. The culture was divided into two parts. The part cultivated in plasma alone kept its morphological characters and continued to produce ameboid cells. The part cultivated upon silk in plasma became modified; the cells lost their ameboid characters, and were transformed into large elongated cells which were united in chains, or interlaced to form a network. In experiment II the round cells taken from a culture of connective tissue seventy-four days old multiplied rapidly. They transformed themselves into elongated cells and produced, after a few passages, a mass of dense connective tissue. From the tissue a large number of elongated cells were constantly growing. In both experiments the tissues originated from the ameboid or round cells extirpated from cultures that were sixty-three and seventy-four days old respectively. These cultures were still growing actively thirty and forty days later; that is, more than one hundred days after the extirpation of the original fragments from the organism. These experiments show that from old cultures it is possible to isolate and propagate cells that belong to a definite type. A tissue, formed by a pure strain of cells, can be obtained in this way, and this new method may be of value in cytological investigations.
The results in the group in which there was interagglutination differ in no striking way from those obtained in the group in which there was no interagglutination. It may be concluded, therefore, that the presence of isoagglutinins is of no importance for the final results of the homoplastic transplantation of arteries. From the conflicting evidence of the survival of muscular fibers in one case and their disappearance in many other cases, it may be concluded further that between animals of the same species there are unknown biological differences that prevent, in most instances, the survival of homoplastic transplanted arteries, although a survival does occur in some cases.
1. By introducing intravenously into dogs a solution of 5 per cent. ether in normal saline (0.9 per cent.), a satisfactory surgical anesthesia can be produced. 2. Associated with this anesthesia a glycosuria occurs in healthy adult dogs fed on a meat diet. 3. Normal saline (0.9 per cent.) introduced in exactly the same manner does not cause a glycosuria. 4. The glycosuria is, in general, associated with a hyperglycemia. 5. The glycosuria does not make its appearance until the condition of anesthesia has been produced. 6. The intravenous method of producing anesthesia employed in our studies eliminates largely the factor of asphyxia. 7. Consequently by this mode of administration ether may cause glycosuria without asphyxia. 8. The addition of ether to normal saline (0.9 per cent.) solution modifies the property of the latter to produce diuresis. 9. Associated with the intravenous administration of both the saline and the ether-saline solutions there occurs a rise of body temperature.
1. A mucin-producing spirochoeta has been obtained in pure culture from a case of pyorrhea alveolaris. This organism is an independent species of the genus Treponema and, as it is recognized for the first time, I propose for it the name Treponema mucosum. 2. Morphologically the mucosum is difficult to separate from the pallidum and microdentium, but, through its biological properties and animal reactions it is easily differentiated from all the rest of the spirochoetae. 3. The mucosum is not parasitic in the strict sense of the term, but exerts a certain pyogenous action when the tissue has been so injured by foreign substances as to enable it to survive. 4. The strong fetid odor in the discharge from pyorrhea alveolaris is due, at least in part, to the presence of the mucosum in the affected tissue.
1. A method for the pure cultivation of Spirochoeta duttoni, Spirochoeta kochi, Spirochoeta obermeieri, and Spirochoeta novyi is described in this paper. In vitro these strains reach their maximum growth after seven, eight, or nine days at 37 degrees C. For their multiplication they require the presence of a piece of fresh sterile tissue and a body fluid capable of forming a loose fibrin with the tissue. The presence of some oxygen seems indispensable for their growth, since they fail to grow in an atmosphere of hydrogen or in vacuo. No growth was obtained at room temperature. 2. From cultures that show a good growth subcultures can be made and the growth can be kept up in this way for many passages. 3. The pathogenicity of these organisms is not lost by cultivation, although there is a tendency for the virulence to become attenuated after growth in vitro has continued for a long time. 4. Longitudinal division has been observed and was followed under the dark-field microscope in fresh preparations from cultures. It occurs in all the species irrespective of the length of the organism. Transverse division seems also to occur, but I have not yet observed the entire process.
1. A method is described for obtaining pure cultures of Treponema pallidum and allied species of spirochaetae in fluid media. 2. The principle of the method is based upon the superposition of a favorable culture medium upon a less favorable one. 3. The method here described is not suited to the growth of spirochaetae when they are admixed with contaminating bacteria.
Rabbit leucocytes, injected into the basal meninges of dogs, in doses from 0.7 to one cubic centimeter apparently invariably cause death. Horse leucocytes, injected in the same amounts, cause death in about 25 per cent. of the dogs. . The injection of foreign leucocytes into the meninges of monkeys causes few if any symptoms. The injection of from one to three cubic centimeters of horse leucocytes into the meningeal cavities of dogs, simultaneously with the inoculation of the meninges with tubercle bacilli, causes a slight delay in the development of the paralytic symptoms in about half the treated animals. This delay, however, is very slight when compared with the remarkable prolongation of the latent period previously observed after treatment with dog leucocytes. The injection of foreign leucocytes into the meningeal cavities of monkeys has thus far given almost uniformly negative results. In one small group of monkeys, however, inoculated by the method of lumbar puncture, the injection of rabbit leucocytes has been associated with a prolongation of the latent period in one of the treated monkeys, and with a complete prevention of the subsequent tuberculosis in a second monkey.
The experiments have shown that extracts of tissues and tissue juices, under certain conditions, accelerate the growth in intro of the connective tissue from about three to forty times. This activating power was found in many tissues. It was much more marked, however, with the extracts of embryos, of adult spleen, and of the Rous sarcoma. The power diminished directly with the dilution of the extracts, and appeared not to apply to the tissues of a heterologous animal. The power was reduced when heated at 56 degrees C., and removed when heated at 70 degrees C. It was diminished markedly by filtration through a Berkefield filter and was completely suppressed by filtration through a Chamberland filter. Possibly the finding of the activating power of tissue extracts will have no immediate practical application. Nevertheless, it may be indirectly useful by leading to the discovery of some of the factors determining the growth of tissues and of the unknown laws of cell dynamics, and may ultimately throw light on the mechanism of the cicatrization of wounds.
Analyses of the principal known bases and acids of the feces in cases of infantilism in which excessive amounts of calcium are being lost, and comparison with cases which are normal in this respect, show that the fats, fatty acids, and volatile acids are not high, and lead to the conclusion that the loss of calcium is not secondary to the presence of large quantities of phosphates, fatty acids, or volatile acids.
1. The Negri bodies, as the etiological agent in rabies, present two general types or phases in morphology, in growth, and in reproduction. 2. These two phases are constantly cyclic in their development and correspond (1) to a multiplicative, or schizogonous, and (2) to a reproductive, or sporogonous, life cycle. 3. By the detailed study of these forms and their succeeding stages we are inclined to believe that the Negri bodies are definite protozoan parasites, and from a study of their life history we are led to place them in the suborder of Cryptocysts, or Microsporidia, of the Sporozoa, and more definitely among the Oligosporogenea of the Glugeidae family, which forms produce but one pansporoblast. With the recent advances in the growth of tissues outside the body, particularly the work of Carrel, Burrows, Harrison, Lewis and Lewis, and Rous upon the infectiousness of tumor extracts, with the results of Noguchi in cultivating pathogenic Treponema pallidum, important discoveries concerning the Negri bodies will undoubtedly be made in the near future.
1. The development of the polymorphonuclear leucocyte from a mesenchymal, lymphoid type of cell is possible in adult life and in vitro in chicken bone marrow. 2. These cells can rapidly proliferate by means of amitotic division of an unripe form very similar to, but smaller than themselves. 3. All the cells of chicken bone marrow can undergo a transformation to a type of cell resembling, although not proved to be identical with the cells of connective tissue.
1. The specific lipase of immune hemolytic serum is not necessary for hemolysis, but this does not prove the non-necessity of a lipolytic action in serum hemolysis, since a lipase is always present in the complement serum. 2. Serum lipase is found in the end-piece of split complement. 3. There is a parallelism between the lipase content and complement strength of the sera of different animals (man, rabbit, guinea pig, sheep, ox, cat).
During pneumonia the metabolism of inorganic substances deviates markedly from the normal. While chlorine, sodium, and calcium are retained in the body, potassium and magnesium are excreted normally or in excess. Two cases showed a definite loss of magnesium to the body in the febrile period. During the period of retention the chlorine content of the blood is distinctly lower than normally, the calcium content is apparently slightly lower, and the magnesium content tends also to be a little lower. The skin is shown, to play no special part in the chlorine retention. Since no organ or organs have been shown to store up large amounts of the retained substances, it is probable that they are spread diffusely throughout the body.
Intramuscular injection of salvarsan and neosalvarsan in rabbits always produces necrosis of the muscles. A much more intense reaction is produced by salvarsan than by neosalvarsan. The rate of absorption of arsenic following intramuscular injections of salvarsan is very slow, while following intramuscular injections of neosalvarsan between 75 and 85 per cent of the arsenic is absorbed during the first week. The subsequent absorption is quite slow.
1. On the surface of genital or anal lesions, either syphilitic or non-syphilitic, there may be found occasionally a spirochaeta resembling Treponema pallidum, but somewhat thicker than the latter. In general characteristics, this organism occupies an intermediary position between Treponema pallidum and Spirochaeta refringens. 2. The treponema was obtained in pure culture from two cases. For the organism the name of Treponema calligyrum is proposed. 3. Treponema calligyrum is non-pathogenic for monkeys and rabbits. 4. Treponema calligyrum can be distinguished from Treponema pallidum, Treponema microdentium, Treponema macrodentium, Treponema mucosum, and Spirochaeta refringens either by the morphology, cultural and biological properties, or all these conditions in combination. 5. Under certain cultural conditions Treponema calligyrum becomes thinner and may cause some difficulty of differentiation from a strain of the thick type of Treponema pallidum, especially when the latter is grown under conditions which tend to render it thicker. There is no such difficulty when the average and thin types of Treponema pallidum are concerned. On the other hand, by providing the calligyrum with conditions which lead to the appearance of thicker specimens and by supplying Spirochaeta refringens with conditions of growth that favor the development of individuals that are thinner and more regularly curved, the refringens may be made to resemble the calligyrum in general appearance; but under identical cultural conditions they can be readily distinguished.
It is impossible from any point of view, morphological, biological or serological, to draw a sharp dividing line in this series. The forms change gradually from the mycelial organism to the bacillary, acid-fast organism. It is biologically a group complex and should be so considered. No doubt experiments with a larger series of species would yield results giving a possibility of closer classification and the introduction of some of the forms now in a debatable position, as Bacillus diphtheriae and Bacillus mallei, and other organisms, sometimes called, on account of their morphological irregularities, corynebacterium and mycobacterium, would help to show their real relation to both the Streptothrices and the true bacteria. The latter in many ways are acknowledged to be far from primitive; their endospores, flagella, and food habits all indicate a relatively high degree of specialization. Hence it would seem biologically more reasonable to look upon this group of Streptothrices with their variable morphology and close relationships as representing the ancestral type that gave rise to both the higher fungi and true bacteria, and not as being themselves higher bacteria. The various bacteria, other than the acid-fast forms, can readily have arisen from the non-acid-fast bacillary types, or even as non-acid-fast specializations of the mixed types. All the various forms shown at present by the bacteria,-cocci, spirilla, bacilli, etc.,-either separate or in chains and masses, are to be recognized in this group, and specializations in one or another line in the past would readily have given rise to the types we consider true bacteria. The processes of evolution have carried them far away from the parent stock and made them into this group. The recognition of this group complex and of the intermediate forms indicates clearly the past history and present relations of these interesting organisms. These relations may be represented by the following scheme. See PDF for Structure It is probable that the relation between the acid-fast organisms and the Streptothrices is a closer one than that between the Streptothrices and the bacteria, perhaps close enough to warrant a common genus for both.
The experiments recorded in this paper confirm the observations of Friedberger that acutely toxic bodies can be produced from typhoid bacilli by the action of sensitizer and complement and that, when small quantities of bacteria are used, an excess of sensitization either interferes with the formation of the poisons or leads to a cleavage of the bacterial proteid beyond the poisonous intermediate products spoken of as anaphylatoxins. Unlike the experience of other workers with poisons of this nature, however, our experiments have shown that the action of complement upon typhoid bacilli strongly sensitized or not at all sensitized may be carried on, at body temperature, for considerably longer than twelve hours without leading to a destruction of the poisons, and that this is true when the quantities of the bacteria used vary within the wide range of from one to twelve agar slants. It has been found, in fact, that in the case of this microorganism prolonged exposure at the higher temperature of considerable quantities of bacteria constitutes an unfailing method of regularly obtaining powerful poisons. The results obtained by the use of smaller quantities and the less vigorous complement action at low temperatures are far less regular or satisfactory. It would appear from this that complement action of considerable vigor is required to obtain from this bacillus any appreciable yield of anaphylatoxin, and that the poison, once formed, is not as unstable as that found in other microorganisms by Neufeld and Dold and others. In fact, although we have never observed complete lysis in vitro of the typhoid bacilli treated with antibody and complement, the sensitized bacteria exposed to the action of complement for as long as fifteen hours at 37.5 degrees C. showed, in our experiments, much disintegration, and yet powerful poisons were present. Were the influence of lysis or of the too vigorous action of the serum bodies as rapidly poison-destroying in the case of this bacillus as it has been shown to be in the case of some other bacteria, it would be hard to understand how anaphylatoxins could play any part in the toxemia of typhoid fever. This phase of our experiments, however, seems to indicate that the conditions prevailing in the infected body at the height of this disease would furnish ideal criteria for anaphylatoxin production, since, in such cases, vigorously sensitized bacilli, in large numbers, are under the prolonged influence of considerable quantities of complement, conditions exactly comparable to those prevailing in our experiments. Granted that this state of affairs is actually the case, then the subsidence of the disease might depend merely upon limitation of the supply of antigen, as the increasing bactericidal action of the blood constituents come into play, and upon the consequent diminution of the anaphylatoxin. For as the bacteria diminish and the sensitizer increases, a changed proportion between them is established which, finally, as experiment has shown, results in a failure of anaphylatoxin production. For although our experiments have shown that, within a wide latitude of relative proportions of bacteria and antibody, anaphylatoxin can be formed, beyond this range an excess of one or the other element eventually will prevent their formation. It is not, however, the purpose of this paper to discuss the mechanism of the subsidence of the disease since this phase of the work will necessitate further experimental study. In regard to the experiments with kaolin, we were unable to confirm the contention of Keysser and Wassermann, though it is more than likely that toxic bodies could be formed by the action of complement upon any foreign proteid rendered amenable to its action. We are not inclined to attribute too much importance to these negative results, recording them merely as they occurred. However, should it be found subsequently that anaphylatoxins can be formed in this way, it seems unlikely that they are formed from the sensitizer or amboceptor as matrix, since this was not specifically adsorbed out of concentrated serum by the kaolin in our experiments. On the basis of experiments with so called endotoxins, ,we feel that the existence of such preformed intracellular poisons as an element in typhoid toxemia has not been proved, and is not absolutely necessary for the explanation of the phenomena occurring in this disease. However, the diarrhea, the hemorrhagic lesions, and the protracted symptoms following the injection of extracts and filtrates of the bacillus, differing so strikingly from the acute illness with rapid death or equally rapid recovery resulting from anaphylatoxin poisoning, would justify the assumption that poisons of this nature may still play a part in the disease, adding an additional specific characteristic to the clinical picture. As stated before, however, it is not improbable that all these characteristics may represent merely a more protracted or subacute state of anaphylatoxin toxemia. The experiments with autolysates, although none of them were fatal in their results upon guinea pigs, have sufficiently indicated that poisons comparable to anaphylatoxins can be formed in this way. This would indicate that a reaction of proteolysis, which may take place slowly by autolysis, is hastened by the action of complement, and its velocity is still further augmented by the increase, within certain limits, of the sensitization,-a conception which would attribute to the combined action of complement and sensitizer a function not incomparable to that of the bodies spoken of as catalytic agents.
Weichardt claims to have demonstrated the presence of an organic body in the expired air. He allowed the exhaled breath to pass through hydrochloric acid solution, evaporated the resulting solution to dryness on a water bath, and obtained a weighable residue which charred on ignition. If he neutralized the acid solution and concentrated it under reduced pressure, he obtained a solution which inhibited the bluing of the guaiacum indicator by blood. By exposing calcium chloride in a room in which the air had been vitiated, he claimed also to have obtained a substance from the air which prevented the bluing of the guaiacum indicator by blood. The experiments here recorded show that a variable amount of matter is retained by weak hydrochloric solution when exhaled breath is passed through it, and that this matter is volatile on ignition. Contrary to the findings of Weichardt, there is no charring or blackening. Nesslerization shows the residue to consist mainly, if not wholly, of ammonium chloride. This ammonia is believed to have come from the decomposition of food particles about the teeth. In one case the person (S.) had smoked just before the experiment, so that a small amount of the ammonia from the tobacco smoke may have been held temporarily by the saliva and food particles in the mouth and been given off gradually during the experiment. Weichardt's experiments on the inhibition of the guaiacum test for blood by means of the substances retained when exhaled breath is passed through hydrochloric acid or over calcium chloride crystals are not corroborated. It is further shown that the guaiacum indicator is unreliable for these tests in view of the fact that a small amount of free acid or free alkali will inhibit the guaiacum test for blood. This fact is offered as a probable explanation of Weichardt's results. Calcium chloride alone gives a deep blue color with the guaiacin indicator. Weichardt used this salt to collect from the expired breath certain unknown substances which he claims inhibit the oxidation of guaiacum by blood. His results are therefore inconclusive. The phenolphthalin test for blood has been studied in this connection and further light has been thrown on this reaction. The sodium salt of phenolphthalin is colorless in alkaline solution, and is readily oxidized by minute quantities of blood to phenolphthalein which gives a characteristic deep purplish red color in alkaline solution. It has been found that the presence of calcium chloride and ammonium chloride in small amounts retards and, in large amounts, prevents this reaction. It is believed that any salt composed of a weak base combined with a strong acid will have the same effect. This is discussed in the text. It has also been shown that the presence of calcium chloride or ammonium chloride decreases the depth of color of phenolphthalein in sodium hydroxide solution. Carbon dioxide also prevents the oxidation of phenolphthalin by blood. Of course this does not mean that carbon dioxide prevents the action of the oxidizing ferments generally. In this particular case the substance to be oxidized, namely phenolphthalin, was not allowed by reason of the presence of the carbon dioxide to combine with the alkali and thereby assume a state in which it could be easily oxidized. The results of one experiment seem to indicate a relation between the amount of dissolved oxygen in the solutions and the percentage of oxidation. Sodium chloride either alone or with the aid of hydrogen peroxide is able to bring about the oxidation of phenolphthalin in alkali to a very slight extent (3.5 to 5 per cent. in twenty-four hours). Therefore phenolphthalin as a test for oxidizing ferments should not be used in the presence of an appreciable amount of inorganic salts or carbon dioxide. Complete dialysis is recommended in these cases. It is also to be noted that the great delicacy of the test allows considerable dilution. Liquids were obtained from the expired breath by passing this through weak hydrochloric acid or by condensing the moisture in it by conducting it through cooled Drechsel bottles. Attempts were then made to prove the presence in these liquids of some substance which inhibits the oxidation of phenolphthalin by blood, but all were unsuccessful. Moreover attempts to concentrate these liquids by evaporation under reduced pressure or by the passage of a direct current (colloidal travel) were also unsuccessful. It is planned to improve upon the apparatus used to concentrate colloids by the passage of a direct current, and to test the effect of expired breath products on the rate of oxidation of phenolphthalin by blood.
Apparently, then, we are confronted with this result,-that citrate plasma which causes little or no constriction of the stretched artery ring, little or no slowing of the flow through the frog perfusion preparation, while the corresponding serum produces a marked effect on both preparations, will affect the intestine or uterus preparation practically in the same way as the corresponding serum. Hirudin plasma and serum exert on the intestine and uterus preparations practically the same effect, causing a marked increase of tone. On the artery ring preparation, there is a difference although it is not so strongly marked as in the case of the citrate material. The frog perfusion preparation, as regards the effect of the hirudin material, seems to occupy an intermediate position between the intestine and uterus on the one hand, and the artery ring on the other. Of the three plasmas, the peptone plasma most closely resembles serum in its action on the artery rings. Like the other plasmas its effect on the intestine and uterus does not differ appreciably from that of the serum. From these observations the following conclusions seem justified. A change occurs in shed blood which confers on it the property of constricting artery rings and of slowing the flow through the perfused frog preparation. If this property is in any degree possessed by circulating blood it is at least markedly increased after the blood is shed. The change, whatever it may be, does not entail any essential alteration in the action of the blood on intestine and uterus segments. The tone-increasing property developed in the shed blood may, therefore, so far as the four test objects included in the present survey are concerned, be looked upon as especially affecting the blood vessels and probably their smooth muscle directly. This need not imply that the pressor substance, if it is a single definite substance developed in the shed blood, exerts no action on the smooth muscle of the intestine and uterus preparations, but merely that its action on these objects is masked by the general action of the serum and plasma, so that in the presence of the other constituents common to serum and plasma, its effect is inconspicuous or not to be detected at all, while on the blood vessel preparations, especially the artery rings, the effect of the pressor substance is the dominant one, and the general action of the serum and plasma is feeble or undetectable. It is not the clotting process as such, i.e., the actual change of fibrinogen into fibrin, that is responsible for the differences between serum and plasma revealed by the biological tests employed but some process which precedes or accompanies the clotting and which may or may not be causally related to it. Changes in formed elements of the blood under the influence of the changed conditions (contact with foreign bodies, restriction of gaseous exchange, etc.). which blood encounters as soon as it leaves the living vessels, are known to occur. Among these it is to be assumed are the changes which condition the differences between plasma and serum under discussion.(16) Even if these changes represent preliminary stages in coagulation (liberation of the factors necessary to the formation of thrombin, for instance), they may still occur to a greater or less extent in blood which is prevented in certain ways from clotting since it is known that the procedures by which the various non-coagulable plasmas are obtained break at different points the chain of events which normally ends in coagulation. A procedure which simply supplies sufficient antithrombin to neutralize the thrombin which has been allowed to form in normal amount may not interfere at all with the changes in the formed elements, and the pressor property of the resulting plasma may then be as marked as that of the serum. On the other hand, a procedure which binders clotting by preventing or diminishing the alterations in the cells, for example, the addition of a substance which acts as a preservative for blood platelets, will very likely yield a plasma with little or no pressor effect in comparison with the serum. The mere prevention of clotting, then, except in so far as it is an index of the prevention of changes in the formed elements may have little significance in preventing the development of the pressor property. Indeed it is conceivable that the alterations in the cells which are connected with the development of this property may even be wholly or partially independent of the cell changes concerned in coagulation. In this case it might be possible to obtain blood which would clot without developing the pressor property. The main results which seem to follow from our observations may be thus summarized: 1. The substance, or property, developed in shed blood by which it causes constriction of artery rings, is not developed, or at least not mainly developed, in connection with the actual change of fibrinogen to fibrin, since the constrictor action of different plasmas differs greatly, while the absence of coagulation is common to all. 2. The development of the constrictor substance, or property, is associated with changes undergone probably by formed elements of the blood when it is shed. These changes may be identical with the alterations, or with some of the alterations, preliminary to clotting. It is possible, however, that there may be changes connected with the development of the pressor property which, although concomitant with the liberation of the substances concerned in the production of thrombin, are yet quite independent of the clotting process. Our observations do not enable us to decide definitely between these possibilities. 3. The constrictor substance, or property, developed in shed blood acts especially on blood vessels and does not equally affect the other organs examined. This follows from the fact that a plasma and serum which differ markedly in their action on the blood vessels may have practically the same action on the intestine or uterus segments, an action which must therefore reside mainly, at least, in the original plasma itself. 4. The indication that the serum acts especially on blood vessels increases the interest of the suggestion that this action may play an important part in the prompt sealing of wounded vessels in addition to the mechanical effect of the clot, or by coming into operation before the clot has fully formed.
1. The brains of chick embryos, of cats six weeks old, of rabbits two months old, and of dogs three weeks old, when cultivated in vitro, develop long filaments which, according to their growth and their anatomical and tinctorial characters, must be considered as true axis cylinders. 2. Similar structures develop from spinal ganglia of rabbits seven months old, and from the spinal cord of cats six weeks old, and of rabbits two months old. 3. When severed from their origin by section these threads undergo degenerative changes which do not appear after nine hours, but which are seen after twenty hours, and continue until in the course of the following two days the thread degenerates completely. 4. After twenty hours the development of new axis cylinders from the central part of the cut fibers is observed.
Variations are described which have from time to time occurred in the structure and behavior of a transplantable, spindle-celled sarcoma of the fowl, a growth caused, as elsewhere shown, by a filterable agent. Of late the growth has frequently given rise to fatal hemorrhages from its substance. In some of the recent, rapidly growing tumors the cells have tended to be spherical, showing only a very tardy and imperfect differentiation to the spindle form. A giant-celled form of the growth is sometimes met with. Despite their diversity the tumors grade into one another and in the final analysis are all to be considered as spindle-celled sarcomata. Attempts to obtain an action of the etiological agent upon cells other than those it usually affects have failed, as have attempts to bring about changes in the histology of the sarcomata by attenuating the agent. Some of the lesser morphological variations in the sarcoma are undoubtedly due to local conditions in the host, and of the more important changes some have been associated with an increase in the growth's malignancy. For others the determining conditions have yet to be discovered. On the whole the variations described are not more marked than those occasionally manifested by the transplantable mammalian tumors, and traceable to the changes in a single strain of tumor cells during their propagation in successive hosts. In mammals the ultimate reason for these changes is not known. In the case of the chicken tumor some of them are undoubtedly the expression of changes in the growth's causative agent.
In rabbits with a severe pneumococcus bacteremia, the oxygen-combining power of the blood falls progressively up to the time of death. Coincident with this there is an even more marked fall in the oxygen content of the arterial blood. The changes in the blood in infected animals are analogous to those seen when the pneumococcus is grown on blood in vitro. They are due to the conversion of hemoglobin into methemoglobin.
1. Doses of less than six milligrams of hematin and, under certain conditions, larger doses may cause a slight rise of blood pressure. 2. Large doses of hematin cause a profound and prolonged fall of blood pressure. The principal factor in this fall of blood pressure is the marked dilatation of the splanchnic vessels. The splanchnic dilatation either does not occur at all or but very slightly if the splanchnic nerves are cut. The splanchnic dilatation is partly compensated for by a marked constriction of cutaneous vessels and it seems probable that the cutaneous constriction is active and not simply passive to the splanchnic engorgement. 3. Hematin acts upon the cardio-inhibitory center causing a marked slowing of the rate of heart-beat, and in large doses produces a typical vagal pulse or even marked irregularities in the amplitude and rhythm of the pulse. Under hematin the heart at first shows great loss of tone but later the tone increases beyond the normal. The cardiac output for a time is greatly diminished. 4. In the large doses employed by us, hematin depresses the respiratory center and death under hematin is due to paralysis of this center.
1. There is no demonstrable amount of agglutinin for Treponema pallidum (Noguchi) in normal human and normal rabbit serum in dilutions as low as 1:20. 2. Agglutinins for Treponema pallidum are readily produced in young rabbits by the administration of pure cultures of living spirochetes. 3. There is no appreciable amount of agglutinin for Treponema pallidum culture used in the sera of secondary and tertiary syphilis or in the cerebrospinal fluid of tertiary syphilis in dilutions of 1:20 to 1:640.
1. Rabbits may have spontaneous nephropathy and show no casts or albumen in the urine. 2. If we leave out of consideration rabbits 17, 18, 19, and 20, which were perfused with Adler's solution, and rabbits 8, 9, 17, 18, and 28, which were injected subcutaneously with potassium chromate, rabbits 49 and 73 show that spontaneous nephropathy offers some impediment to the perfusing serum.
1. The importance of the leucocyte in the resistance of animals to experimental pneumonia is emphasized by the fact that animals treated with benzol, a leucotoxic substance, rapidly succumb to the disease, while animals treated in like manner with toluol, a very similar chemical substance causing no leucopenia, show no decreased resistance. 2. The rôle of the leucocyte in the resistance of animals to experimental pneumonia is further emphasized by the fact that animals that respond to the pneumococcus infection with a leucocytosis, as occurs after the repeated injection of toluol, are more resistant to the pneumonia. Further, the hyperleucocytosis produced by repeated injection of nutrose before the production of pneumonia likewise seems to increase the resistance of the animals. 3. Experimental pneumonia is not necessarily fatal in rabbits. The factors determining the outcome of the disease are numerous; among these is the number of bacteria inoculated. Animals receiving small doses usually survive, while those receiving comparatively large numbers usually succumb.
1. Rabbits recovering from one attack of experimental pneumonia possess an active immunity. Such animals may subsequently withstand repeated increasing doses of pneumococci intratracheally. 2. Death may supervene after any one of subsequent injections, but it seems to depend partly upon the chronic changes in the cardiorespiratory apparatus. It may at least be said that it is usually unassociated with a septicemia which is an invariable accompaniment of fatal primary lobar pneumonia. 3. The serum from animals actively immunized by the repeated intratracheal inoculations with pneumococci may be used successfully to confer a passive immunity against the homologous organism.
In most cases of uncomplicated lobar pneumonia the decrease of respiratory surface is completely compensated for, and the oxygen content of the blood is within normal limits. Occasional cases of uncomplicated pneumonia have an oxygen content of the venous blood which is below normal. In the two cases reported here, this was associated with a carbon dioxide content of the blood which was higher than normally, and the condition was apparently due to an interference with the respiratory exchange of gases. In the terminal stage of the fatal cases of pneumonia in which death does not occur with great suddenness, there is often a progressive diminution in the oxygen content of the blood. Synchronous with this is a progressive decrease in the oxygen-combining capacity of the blood. These changes are usually seen in patients in whom an intense bacteremia has developed and are analogous to those found in the arterial blood of infected rabbits, and to those resulting from the growth of the pneumococcus in blood in vitro. In all three conditions there is probably a change of oxyhemoglobin to methemoglobin. This change of the hemoglobin molecule, so that it no longer takes up and gives off oxygen readily, is probably a factor in the immediate cause of death in many cases of pneumonia.
1. The addition of cholesterin to an alcoholic extract of heart or fetal liver increases the antigenic value of the extracts in the Wassermann reaction. 2. The optimum amount of cholesterin to be added to heart extract or fetal liver extract was found to be 0.4 per cent. 3. Cholesterin-heart extracts are superior to cholesterin-liver extracts and to alcoholic extracts of syphilitic livers, as well as to ether extracts of dried hearts. 4. Cholesterin-heart extracts prepared from different human hearts are practically equal in anticomplementary and antigenic value. Similar extracts prepared from guinea pig hearts have the same antigenic value as those prepared from human hearts. Both the human heart and the guinea pig heart extracts are superior to beef heart extract when the same amount of cholesterin is added to each of the extracts. 5. In testing blood serum for diagnostic purposes, it is not safe to use more than one fourth of the anticomplementary dose of the 0.4 per cent. cholesterin heart extract. In the work here presented, this consisted of a 1 in 10 emulsion. 6. In testing cerebrospinal fluids, 1 in 10 emulsions give slightly better reactions with smaller quantities of the fluid than do 1 in 6 emulsions. 7. Because of the simple preparation, the superior antigenic property, and the constant antigen value of cholesterin-heart extracts prepared from human hearts, we agree with McIntosh and Fildes that this form of extract fulfills the requirements of a standard antigen.
1. Intravenous injections of alkaline hematin in the rabbit produce an anemia the severity of which is proportional to the amount of hematin injected and the susceptibility of the animal. 2. Hemoglobinemia is an occasional consequence of hematin poisoning. 3. The leucocytes in hematin intoxication are usually increased in number and are always characterized by a high percentage of large mononuclear cells and by pigmented phagocytes. 4. The platelets are markedly reduced by alkaline hematin and ultimately a prolongation of the coagulation time of the blood and of the bleeding time results. 5. The anemia, the hemoglobinemia, the high percentage of large mononuclear leucocytes, the destruction of platelets, and the tendency to hemorrhage in malaria are all influenced by the malarial pigment, hematin.
1. In the cases of anemia studied (pernicious anemia, chlorosis, and secondary anemia) the blood flow in the hand is smaller than the normal flow. 2. Accepting Plesch's result, that the minute volume of the heart is increased in the anemias, the diminution in the hand flow is interpreted as a sign of a vasoconstriction in peripheral parts, which facilitates the increased flow through the lungs. 3. The deficiency in the hand flow is less in the chlorotic group than in the other cases of anemia. The explanation suggested is that the increased total volume of the blood in chlorosis permits the normal amount of hemoglobin to circulate through the lungs without a marked increase in the peripheral vasoconstriction. 4. The view that the diminution in the cutaneous blood flow in anemia is a necessary compensatory arrangement for increasing the flow through the lungs affords a natural explanation of the beneficial effect in many cutaneous disorders of general measures, especially those aimed at improving the quality of the blood. 5. In a case of bradycardia with a pulse rate permanently below 40 during rest in a sitting position, the hand flow was normal.
The acute exudative glomerular lesion of the rabbit's kidney caused by crotalus venom does not lead to a subacute or chronic glomerulonephritis. The hemorrhagic lesion of the glomerular tuft may show a process of repair characterized by the ingrowth, into the hemorrhagic masses, of endothelial cells from the uninjured part of the tuft. This process is, however, more analogous to the organization of a red thrombus than it is to any form of glomerular lesion known in man, and can hardly serve as an experimental demonstration of the mode of development of a subacute or chronic glomerular nephritis. On the other hand, crotalus venom causes a persistent albuminuria and extensive tubular degeneration and cast formation, with death, preceded by great emaciation, after five to six weeks.
Connective tissue cells of chick embryos and cells of a chicken sarcoma, proliferating in vitro, soon render acid the plasma about them, but they nevertheless continue to grow well. Evidently the tissue cell will withstand a considerably greater change in the reaction of the fluids about it than has usually been supposed. Under conditions of in vitro life in plasma, which do not provide for an artificial circulation, the acid produced by growing tissues diffuses only slowly and is subject to little dilution from this source. About tissues which grow very rapidly in vitro, as, for example, tumor tissues, there must be a marked concentration of metabolic products, and this may largely account for the poor results of attempts at the continuous propagation of such tissues in vitro.
Subcutaneous injections of adrenalin are, in contrast with its behavior in the production of the other effects of that drug, more favorable to the production of glycosuria in rabbits than intramuscular injections; the failures are fewer and the quantities of dextrose in the urine are generally larger. In general, as regards the stimulation of diuresis by adrenalin, a subcutaneous injection exerts generally a greater effect than an intramuscular one. Subcutaneous injections of a certain dose of adrenalin distributed over several areas are far less effective than the administration of that dose in a single injection; they fail frequently to produce any glycosuria, the quantity of dextrose in the urine, when present, being less, and the quantity of urine being generally diminished. Apparently the more slowly the injected adrenalin reaches the blood, the greater is its effect in producing glycosuria and generally, also, the greater its diuretic action.
Examination of the anaphylactic lung by means of Van Slyke's amino nitrogen method gave no evidence of an increased amount of proteid cleavage products of any kind in this organ. This investigation gives no support to the hypothesis that the true anaphylactic lung of the guinea pig is caused by proteid split products.
Changes in cardiac rhythm are not the only determinants of blood pressure variations in man. They play a part in the variations of systolic and diastolic pressures, the relative importance of which depends on the degree of arhythmia present and on the depth of respiration which, in itself, causes the systolic and diastolic pressures to decrease during inspiration and increase during expiration. No degree of rate variation can be regarded as a type. The cases range from those in which respiration governs the change of pressures entirely through those where more or less complicated mixtures of heart rate and respiratory influences intermingle to those in which extreme cardiac variations alone determine the pressure changes. The emphatic insistence of Henderson and his collaborators that heart rate changes play a more important part than is commonly recognized in man is true in many cases. That, in certain cases, it is the only determining influence may also be admitted, but they are in the minority. The majority show the intervention of a respiratory influence which controls, at least, the variations of systolic pressure. In the light of these results, the doctrine that, in man, an effective venous pressure exists sufficient during all respiratory phases to insure superimposable beats, must be subjected to further reinvestigation.
Internal hydrocephalus can be produced experimentally by injecting a foreign substance into the ventricles. In these experiments, aleuronat, a granular, insoluble material, has caused an acute inflammatory reaction, characterized in the first week by an exudate consisting largely of polynuclear leucocytes. Later the picture is one of a chronic process; polynuclear cells are replaced by lymphoid and large mononuclear cells and there is proliferation of the connective tissue in the choroid plexus. Proliferation of the ependyma occurs in the first week but becomes more advanced in the second and third weeks, and there is increase in neuroglia more marked in the long continued experiments. Ordinarily when aleuronat is injected into a serous cavity, the pleural cavity, for example, abundant accumulation of fluid takes place in twenty-four to forty-eight hours, and at the same time polynuclear leucocytes collect. In the experiments in which the irritant was injected into the ventricle of the brain there was little or no dilatation apparent in the first week; absence of dilatation in all probability is due to the free outflow of the fluid. When obstruction occurs during the chronic stage of the inflammatory process dilatation of the ventricle follows. Choked disc and other symptoms of increased intracranial pressure accompany experimental hydrocephalus. Dilatation occurs slowly and reaches a maximum in about two months. In some of the experiments of longer duration obstruction can be demonstrated in gross or microscopically. Obvious obstruction has not been found by gross examination in all instances, but in the experiments in which India ink was injected into the ventricle before death obstruction to outflow was very readily demonstrated. The third and fourth ventricles were in all instances filled with the pigment, but none appeared on the surface of the brain, whereas in normal dogs the entire surface, especially the base, became deeply pigmented. Obstruction to the circulation of cerebrospinal fluid causing internal hydrocephalus may occur at the foramen of Monro, in the aqueduct of Sylvius, or, doubtless with greatest frequency, at the foramen of Magendie.
Gentian violet and allied anilin dyes have a similar influence on bacterial growth, dividing bacteria into two groups corresponding in general to their reaction to the Gram stain. Among Gram-negative bacteria a strain is occasionally encountered which will not grow on violet agar, differentiating it from other members of the same species or variety. The reaction is quantitative, although the quantitative character is more marked with some species than with others. The streptococcus-pneumococcus group differ from other Gram-positive bacteria in their ability to grow in the presence of amounts of dye sufficient to inhibit the other species. The dysentery bacillus group shows marked variation in the presence of dyes. In the case of fuchsin the variation approaches closely a specific difference between the dysentery and paradysentery groups. The variations of the latter groups with other dyes show no correlation with the common differential characteristics. A closer study might reveal variations in other characteristics which would parallel the different reactions to dyes. Decolorization with sodium sulphite robs the dyes of some of their inhibitive powers.
Eight strains of pneumococci of serological type 1, eight strains of type 2, and eleven strains belonging to neither type have been tested by the method of acid agglutination. Strains belonging to the two typical groups have, as a rule, narrow zones of agglutination. The optimum hydrogen ion concentrations are different in the two cases. Other pneumococci have broad zones or, in a few cases, narrow zones not coincident with those occupied by the typical organisms. The agglutination of most of the pneumococci of types 1 and 2 is extremely susceptible to the inhibiting action of salts. This is not true of the other pneumococci. Old broth cultures may show an optimum hydrogen ion concentration different from that shown by young broth cultures.
1. The organisms described by Schottmüller under the name Streptococcus mucosus represent a well defined group with characteristics which indicate a closer relationship to the pneumococci than to the streptococci. 2. The members of this group are specifically agglutinable when treated according to the method of Porges. They do not agglutinate when subjected to the usual agglutination methods. 3. Complement fixation experiments with these organisms, compared with similar experiments with two varieties of pneumococci and two streptococci, indicate that they are closely related to the pneumococci. 4. No protection of mice against Pneumococcus mucosus by means of specific immune sera could be demonstrated. 5. The name Pneumococcus mucosus should be adopted for this group instead of Streptococcus mucosus.
A causative agent has been separated from three chicken tumors of very different sort, namely a spindle-celled sarcoma, an osteochondrosarcoma, and a spindle-celled sarcoma peculiarly fissured by blood sinuses. This was accomplished after the tumors had been transplanted repeatedly and their malignancy enhanced. Each of the tumor-producing agents is a distinct entity in that it gives rise only to growths of the precise kind from which it has been derived. All pass through Berkefeld cylinders impermeable at the same test to small bacteria, and two of the three retain their activity in tumor tissue that has been dried or glycerinated. All are strikingly dependent for their action on derangement of the tissue with which they are brought in contact. The general findings strongly suggest that the agents are of about the same size, and of the same natural class. It is perhaps not too much to say that their recognition points to the existence of a new group of entities which cause in chickens neoplasms of diverse character.
1. Goitre in fish is a non-infectious, non-contagious, symptomatic manifestation of a fault of nutrition, the exact biochemical nature of which has not been determined. 2. Feeding the highly artificial and incomplete diet of liver is the major etiological factor in bringing about this fault of nutrition which is at once corrected by feeding whole sea fish. 3. Water plays no essential part in the etiology, transmission, or distribution of the disease in the fish of this hatchery.
Accessory parathyroid tissue unassociated with the thyroid lobes is present in 5 to 6 per cent. of dogs. For the determination of the presence of accessory parathyroid tissue there are two tests: (1) the anatomical, often entailing serial sections of the neck and upper thoracic structures, and (2) the biological, consisting of the daily use of some calcium salt for two to three weeks. The latter is more easily carried out and more accurate. In the absence of all parathyroid tissue calcium salts will not save the animal's life, while in the presence of active parathyroid tissue calcium will save it. Many factors other than the amount of parathyroid tissue removed influence the onset of tetany, among which are age, pregnancy, lactation, rachitis, the administration of sulphur, and diet. Pregnancy and lactation tetany in dogs resembles in all essentials parathyroid tetany. Our observations are in harmony with those who hold that the thyroid and parathyroid are independent structures as regards their anatomy, physiology, and pathology. The removal of the parathyroids immediately lowers alimentary sugar tolerance, but rarely to the degree of constant glycosuria. In sharp contrast with thyroid substance in myxedema, the feeding of parathyroid substance fresh or dried by mouth is of no value in the parathyroid tetanies of dogs. Calcium salts have a striking palliative effect on parathyroid tetany and preventative action in tiding over otherwise fatal cases, but are in no sense curative. The mode of action is unknown. There is some evidence that calcium salts directly influence the parathyroid gland.
1. Growth of adult mammalian tissue can be prolonged by transference to fresh medium. 2. In a few cases this growth can be continued for ten or eleven generations up to a period of forty days. 3. In the majority of cases growth ceases after three or four generations. 4. After the first transference growth is increased, but in subsequent generations it gradually diminishes and ultimately ceases altogether.
A study of the histogenesis of elastic tissue in the embryonic ductus arteriosus of Sus scrofa is in accord with the theory that elastic fibrils are directly differentiated in the outlying portion of the protoplasm of the early connective tissue cell. In the occlusion of the postfetal ductus arteriosus of Sus scrofa there is early a hypertrophy of the internal elastic membrane. Subsequently there takes place a marked delamination of the thickened internal elastic membrane in the production of new and independent elastic fibers and lamellae. The formation of new elastic fibers from preformed elastic tissue is most abundant where the postfetal contraction of the ductus arteriosus is least marked. These new elastic fibers play an important part in the occlusion of the lumen of the postfetal ductus. Aside from the extensive formation of elastic fibers from preformed elastic tissue, in the occlusion of the lumen of the postfetal ductus arteriosus of Sus scrofa, there are also some elastic fibrils formed from non-elastic elements, apparently from connective tissue cells. In some recent preliminary work on ligations of the common carotid artery there was found, after an interval of from eight to twelve days, at some points between the ligatures, a slight but obvious cellular thickening of the so-called subendothelial stratum. Some of these connective tissue cells may have wandered from the other coats of the vessel, through the inner elastic membrane into the subendothelial stratum; others may have proliferated from cells in situ. Specific stains revealed near the periphery of some of these cells, i. e., in the outlying portion of the exoplasm, very delicate elastic fibrils, apparently the product of protoplasmic activity.
Dogs may be immunized against lethal doses of the duodenal loop poison by means of small doses of the loop fluid from dog or cat and by material obtained from human cases of intestinal obstruction. The immunity is transient and may disappear within a few weeks. Dogs immunized by repeated doses of loop fluid show a definite resistance against the intoxication of a closed duodenal loop and may survive twice the usual period. A dog that recovers from simple intestinal obstruction may possess a strong resistance to the intoxication of a closed duodenal loop, thus indicating a similar type of intoxication in the two conditions. The sera of immune dogs are inactive when incubated with duodenal loop fluid. The organ extracts and emulsions (liver, spleen, lung) of immune dogs rapidly destroy the loop poison during incubation in vitro. This destructive property is possessed by a clear filtrate of the digested immune organs, excluding adsorption, and is lost after long periods of incubation (twelve weeks). We are investigating the action of this immune organ extract to determine whether it can destroy the closed-loop poison in vivo and perhaps be of value in treatment.
Intoxication is evident in a drained duodenal loop whether it opens externally or into the jejunum and may be associated with more or less immunity which can be demonstrated after a period of days. Intoxication with a closed duodenal loop is identical whether the loop is left empty at operation or filled with a lethal dose of loop fluid. This again emphasizes the fact that absorption of the poison is essentially from the mucous membrane rather than from the contents of the closed loop. The intoxication of a closed duodenal loop is not modified by the presence of bile, pancreatic juice, or gastric secretion. Cessation of the normal flow of intestinal fluids which bathe the mucous membrane may be essentially responsible for the perverted activity of the mucosa and secretion of a poisonous material into the blood. Animals may be slightly more resistant to closed or drained loops during the warm months, which may be explained by the increased loss of body heat in the colder months. This indicates that cases of acute intestinal intoxication with subnormal temperature may be benefited by a generous supply of artificial heat.
Rat tumors and other tissues of foreign species grow actively in the chick embryo until the onset of a refractory period. Grafts of rat sarcoma established and growing actively at the onset of this period show a rapid cessation of growth between the 18th and 19th days of incubation. This is followed by a widespread degeneration of the rat cells and a marked activity of the connective tissue elements in the embryonal tissue round about. An occasional specimen may show small mononuclear infiltration or rarely accumulations of polymorphonuclear cells in the neighborhood of the strange tissue. During the 20th and 21st days the connective tissue capsule increases rapidly, invading the graft and replacing it. The foreign cells disintegrate rapidly and by the 22d day have practically all disappeared. The period at which the established graft begins to degenerate, namely the 19th to the 20th day of incubation, is the one on which grafts of foreign tissue will no longer take when implanted in the embryo. The cells at the edge of the graft of foreign tissue survive for a time. There is a rapid formation of a connective tissue capsule and an invasion of the grafts. The foreign cells here practically all have disappeared by the 22d day, leaving a mass of connective tissue. The absence of a round cell infiltration is the most marked difference in the process in the embryo as compared with that in the adult chicken. The process about the grafts in newly hatched chicks is characterized by a more active response of the connective tissue than in the adult and a more pronounced round cell infiltration than in the embryo.
Infection of rats and mice with Bacillus tuberculosis (bovine type) develops a splenic tumor as a typical lesion. Removal of the spleen from mice (albino) greatly increases their resistance to the infection. This increased resistance cannot be explained at present. The infection in the splenectomized mice tends to remain localized as contrasted with an almost septicemic type of disease which is usual in the normal animal. The animals of each group that live more than thirty days are apt to present typical exudative lesions. The removal of the spleen does not therefore grossly change what may be called the capacity of the body for exudation.
A strain of the poliomyelitic virus was propagated in monkeys for four years, during which time it displayed three distinct phases of virulence. The several phases covered different periods of time. At the outset the virulence was low, but by animal passages it quickly rose to a maximum; this maximum was maintained for about three years, when, without known changes in the external conditions, a diminution set in and increased until at the expiration of a few months the degree of virulence about equalled that present at the beginning of the passages in monkeys. The cycle of changes in virulence is correlated with the wave-like fluctuation in epidemics of disease which also consist of a rise, temporary maximum, and fall in the number of cases prevailing. And an explanation of epidemics of disease is inferred in variations or mutations among the microörganismal causes of disease affecting chiefly the quality of their virulence.
The virus of poliomyelitis is neurotropic, and localizes, and probably is capable of multiplying in the extramedullary parenchymatous nervous organs. It has been demonstrated by inoculation tests in the intervertebral, Gasserian, and abdominal sympathetic ganglia. All the ganglia show histological lesions, more or less severe, similar to those of the spinal cord and brain. The severest occur in the intervertebral ganglia, those next in severity in the Gasserian, while the mildest appear in the abdominal sympathetic ganglia. The interstitial lesions predominate over the parenchymatous, and in preparalytic stages the intervertebral ganglia show interstitial lesions, especially pronounced at the pial covering. Epidemic poliomyelitis is a general disease of the nervous system, although the most prominent and important symptoms are those following injury to the motor neurones of the spinal cord and brain. The virus of poliomyelitis is highly resistant to glycerin, in which it survives for more than two years; to 0.5 per cent. phenol, in which it survives for more than one year; while it succumbs after having been kept frozen constantly for several months. It is unsafe to employ phenol to modify the virus of poliomyelitis for the purpose of active immunization. The cerebrospinal fluid of convalescents tends to be devoid of the neutralizing immunity principles for the virus of poliomyelitis, although they may exceptionally be present within this fluid. Doubtless the immunity principles are not produced locally in the nervous tissues, but elsewhere in the body, and are carried to the nervous organs by the blood.
The globoid bodies, or minute microörganisms, cultivated from the central nervous organs of human beings and monkeys that have succumbed to poliomyelitis, may be detected in the incubated brain tissues of infected monkeys in forms indicating post-mortem multiplication. Incubating the poliomyelitic tissues in kidney-ascitic fluid culture medium and then crushing them is a more certain method for obtaining cultures of the organism. Identical bodies have been detected in blood films prepared on the twelfth day of the acute attack, from a paralyzed poliomyelitic monkey inoculated intraspinously. The same organism has been cultivated from the blood of a monkey that had received intravenously a large dose of a Berkefeld filtrate of poliomyelitic virus. No other microörganisms were detected either in the sections of the brain or in film preparations of the blood. These observations tend therefore to confirm the etiological relationship between the minute microörganism and epidemic poliomyelitis suggested by the successful cultivation and inoculation experiments reported by Flexner and Noguchi.
By intraspinous injections of specimens of poliomyelitic virus of suitable virulence infection can be caused regularly in Macacus rhesus monkeys. The virus passes from the subarachnoid spaces into the nervous tissues in which it multiplies, and into the blood. The constant involvement of the pia-arachnoid membranes in poliomyelitis, even when no paralysis occurs, and the fact that infection can readily be produced by intraspinous inoculation suggests anew that in the pathogenesis of poliomyelitis the interstitial tissue changes within the meninges, blood vessels, and ground substance play a determining part. While the virus injected into the subarachnoid spaces can be demonstrated there by inoculation tests forty-eight hours after the injection it can no longer be detected on the sixth day, at a time when the first symptoms of infection make their appearance. The failure of the cerebrospinal fluid from human and experimental cases of poliomyelitis to produce the disease when inoculated into monkeys is due to the fact that the virus is either fixed by the nervous tissues or passes into the blood.
Splenectomy in the dog causes, as a rule, a transformation of the fatty marrow of the long bones to a richly cellular red marrow. During the early periods, one to three months, the change in the marrow is slight and either focal or peripheral; after six to twenty months the replacement of fat by marrow cells is complete or nearly so. Exceptions were, however, seen in four animals representing the 8th, 9th, 10th, and 22d months, respectively. The evidence at hand does not support the theory that this hyperplasia is compensatory either to the anemia caused by splenectomy or to an increased hemolysis in the lymph nodes. It is possible that it may be a concomitant of the activity of the bone marrow in taking over, in the absence of the spleen, the function of storing and elaborating the iron of old blood pigment for future utilization by new red cells, but our studies do not fully support this view.
These experiments show that it is possible to perform an operation, the object of which is to increase the circumference of the pulmonary orifice without involving much danger to the life of the animal. It is probable that operations of this type may come to be employed in the treatment of stenosis of the pulmonary artery in man.
1. The unsaturated lipoids (serum antitrypsin) can be adsorbed from guinea pig serum, rabbit serum, and horse serum by kaolin, starch, agar, and bacteria. 2. Diphtheria toxin and cobra venom also reduce the serum antitrypsin, possibly because of their affinity for lipoids. 3. Anaphylatoxins represent sera rendered toxic by partial removal of serum antitrypsin. 4. The matrix of the protein split products lies in the serum proteins so exposed. 5. The amount of removal of serum antitrypsin depends on definite quantitative relations; very large amounts and very small amounts of adsorbing substances are least effective (kaolin, starch, and bacteria). 6. Bacteria previously treated with serum or with oils do not adsorb serum antitrypsin. 7. Bacteria treated with serum become more resistant to the action of trypsin.
1. From a comparison of the results with arthritis deformans recorded in tables III, IV, and VI, and with the control cases recorded in table VII, one is justified in concluding that Streptococcus viridans is an infectious agent and excites the production of a complement-fixing substance (fixateur) in the organism in cases of arthritis deformans, and, therefore, Streptococcus viridans is the probable causative agent of the disease in many cases of arthritis deformans. Probably 40 per cent. and more of cases of arthritis deformans should be considered as chronic infective deforming arthritis. 2. Rarely the clinical manifestations of arthritis deformans may be due to gonococcus infection. 3. The serum from one case may react positively to two different organisms, most frequently to Streptococcus viridans and to gonococcus, when the reaction to the former should be considered the indicator of the causative agent, since with the latter infection is often latent in the genito-urinary tract. Incidence of gonococcus infection is high and the clinical manifestations of arthritis deformans are rarely produced by gonococcus infection.
1. Streptococcus viridans is of extremely low virulence for white mice and rabbits. 2. The serum of rabbits, after a series of intravenous injections of dead or living Streptococcus viridans, is poor in complement fixative substance (fixateur of Besredka) for Streptococcus viridans. 3. Antigens prepared from several strains of Streptococcus viridans are relatively poor in fixable substance. 4. The technique of complement fixation tests for infection with Streptococcus viridans is so laborious and difficult that the method will not be available for general clinical work.
The determination of the percentage of CO(2) in the alveolar air, by the method of Haldane and Priestley, is sufficiently accurate for clinical purposes when the individual is at rest. It is evident, however, that an error may arise in the determination of the percentage of CO(2) in the alveolar air, due to the time during the forced expiration, short of the extreme limit, at which the sample may be unconsciously taken. This error can only be overcome by taking several samples. In individuals at rest having a tidal air below 425 cubic centimeters, the method of Douglas and Haldane for the calculation of the dead space gives approximately accurate results; with a tidal air above 425 cubic centimeters the results obtained may be wholly inaccurate. In patients with marked pulmonary tuberculosis so slight an effort as that involved in collecting the expired air tends to lower the percentage of CO(2) in the alveolar air. In collecting the expired air by the rubber bag method, it is absolutely essential that the bag be washed out with ordinary atmospheric air after every observation.
Incision, suture, and cauterization of the sigmoid valves of the pulmonary artery have been performed successfully in dogs. In the first series of ten animals, there were only three accidents, probably from largely preventable causes, leading to the death of the animals.
1. The blood of the splenic artery and vein shows either no differences, or only such slight irregular variations as may be due to the errors inherent in hematologic methods, or are common to arterial and venous blood of the general circulation. 2. The observation of Banti and Furno that free hemoglobin occurs in the blood of the splenic vein is not confirmed. 3. Extracts of the spleen have no definite hemolytic action in vitro. 4. Intraperitoneal injection of fresh saline extracts of the spleen causes in the dog a sharp increase in the number of red cells and the hemoglobin content which lasts for one or two days and may recur on a second injection. Extracts of liver, kidney, and erythrocytes similarly prepared do not give this effect. This observation supports Danilewsky's theory that the spleen may exert a stimulating effect upon the formation of red cells in the bone marrow. 5. On the other hand, the feeding of raw beef spleen to splenectomized dogs over long periods of time has no clearly defined influence in preventing the anemia which usually follows splenectomy.
Our studies give evidence of increase in the iron elimination in three of five dogs during a period of two weeks following splenectomy, but not in two other dogs. The occasional increased output of iron may have some relation to the anemia which occurs in the early weeks after splenectomy and which varies in degree in different animals. No evidence was secured of an increase in the iron output at 1, 9, and 20 months after splenectomy. From our own studies and from examination of the literature of the subject, we conclude that the spleen does not exercise a constant and important influence upon the iron metabolism of the body.
For the first few days of cultivation of connective tissue in hypertonic, hypotonic, and diluted medium, cell proliferation was stimulated. The first outgrowths of new cells in the modified media did not occur sooner than in normal medium. In hypertonic medium the density of the area of cell proliferation appeared to be greater than the control, but in hypotonic or diluted medium there seemed to be no increase in actual mass over the control. These observations confirm the conclusions of Carrel and Burrows, as well as those of Lambert. Subsequent to the first few days of cultivation in hypertonic medium the area of cell proliferation decreased and in a short time conditions developed which were unfavorable to growth, and finally resulted in death of the culture, unless it revived before this stage. Hypotonic medium after about ten days no longer caused more extensive areas of proliferating cells; but instead, the extent of new growth gradually decreased, and the culture merely remained alive unless revived. In diluted medium the extent of the area of cell proliferation remained greater with no actual increase in mass. The area of cell proliferation which is observed during the first few days in a culture of fresh tissue recently extirpated does not indicate the actual influence of modified media. It was only after continued cultivation of strains of connective tissue in these modified media that their influence on cell proliferation was determined.
We may devise a fluid containing practically all the inorganic diffusible constituents of the blood except calcium, and use it to dialyze normal blood in such a way as to remove from it a large part of its calcium. The dialyzed blood when perfused through an isolated extremity produces an extreme hyperexcitability of the nerves quite like that observed in tetany. Since perfusion with blood dialyzed in precisely the same way against a fluid of the same composition, but containing calcium in the proportion found in the normal blood, causes no hyperexcitability of the nerves, it is evident that the hyperexcitability is due to the lack of calcium. This effect can be attained in only a slight degree by replacing the blood of a whole animal with the dialyzed blood, since under the conditions of the experiment the tissues cannot be sufficiently depleted of their calcium. It seems probable that the parathyroid secretion is not removed by dialysis, but is returned to the body with the dialyzed blood. To bring this result into relation with the condition in tetany following parathyroidectomy, animals in tetany were bled and the blood was replaced in one case with normal blood, in the other with dialyzed blood poor in calcium. The normal blood immediately relieves the tetany and lowers the excitability, while the dialyzed blood does not. We therefore believe that this is a further proof that in the tetany of parathyroidectomy also the twitching and hyperexcitability of the nerves is due to lack of calcium in the blood and tissues.
Through the intravenous injection of various substances differing very much in character, multiple necrosis can be produced in the liver of the guinea pig. In the mouse the effect of these substances is absent or much less marked. Different substances seem to differ, however, in their power to produce necrosis. In control animals necrosis in the liver is much more rare. It is found especially in animals subjected to various injurious influences. The necrotic areas are usually situated between the portal and central areas of the liver acini. Their development is not due to thromboses interfering with the circulation in certain areas of the liver. They are probably due to a weakening of the circulation in the liver or to interference with the metabolism of the cells as a result of the injection of foreign substances. Mechanical factors (pressure on the liver cells) may have an additional effect. This necrosis may be compared etiologically to the acute gastric ulcers which can be produced through a great variety of toxic substances in the guinea pig.
If six to seven days after copulation incisions are made under ether anesthesia into the uterus, and on the day following this operation one or several injections of hirudin are given, changes set in in the ovaries which correspond to those found at the time of ovulation; namely, a degeneration of all the follicles with the exception of the small ones. These degenerative changes are followed by the same developmental changes as in the normal cycle. This represents a second method of altering experimentally the periodicity of the sexual cycle, the first consisting in the early extirpation of the corpora lutea described previously by one of us. Under the same conditions intravenous injections of hirudin destroy in the large majority of cases the greater part of experimental placentomata through hemorrhages, and they prevent the remaining placentomatous areas from active proliferation, probably as a result of interference with the circulation. These injections may also cause abortion in pregnant animals. Intravenous injections of hirudin produce a tendency to hemorrhage at various places in the body, and these hemorrhages are prone to occur, especially in rapidly growing tissues, where the blood vessels are less resistant, as in tumors and in placentomata, also in the neighborhood of necrotic areas. In the stomach the hemorrhages may be followed by digestion of the tissues through the gastric juice. It is probable that there is a connection between the action of hirudin on the blood (coagulability and viscosity) and the tendency to hemorrhage. Withdrawal of blood, intravenous injections of distilled water, colloidal copper, nucleoproteid, or casein have no marked effect on the cyclic changes in the ovaries or on placentomata.
During the first four or five days after ligation of the ureter, the changes in the kidney are mainly degenerative in type. One week after ligation of the ureter connective tissue cells begin to appear infiltrating the kidney tissues. There is also an increase in the vascular cells of the glomeruli. These changes are well marked at the end of twenty days from the time of ligation. At the end of twenty days from the time of ligation there is also a marked hypertrophy of the control kidney, the glomeruli showing an average increase in size of twenty-five microns.
Diet exerts a profound influence upon the toxicity (tested in the omnivorous white rat) of certain substances, namely, chloroform, phosphorus, potassium chromate, and uranium nitrate, which cause necrosis of the parenchymatous cells of the liver or of the kidney. Susceptibility to intoxication with all of these substances is less after a diet rich in carbohydrate than after a diet consisting of meat. Carbohydrates protect the parenchymatous cells of the liver or of the kidneys from necrosis caused by any one of these substances. Chloroform is much more toxic to animals which have received a diet consisting in great part of fat than to those which have received meat. When fat is fed to the white rat fatty infiltration occurs in the centers of the hepatic lobules and in the loops of Henle of the kidney. The necrosis caused by chloroform has the same location. The solubility of chloroform in fat determines the increased susceptibility of animals which have received fat and stored it in the parenchymatous cells of the liver and kidney. Susceptibility to intoxication with phosphorus which causes fatty degeneration and necrosis of the liver is not increased by a diet of fat. Necrosis caused by phosphorus occurs in the periphery of the hepatic lobule and exhibits maximum intensity in animals which have received meat. Susceptibility to intoxication with potassium chromate which causes nephritis with necrosis of the convoluted tubules of the kidney is not greater after a diet of fat than after a diet of meat. Susceptibility to intoxication with uranium nitrate which causes nephritis with advanced necrosis of renal tubules is increased by a diet of fat. The loops of Henle, in which fat is abundant after a diet of fat, are the chief site of necrosis.
Sixty-nine positive cultures were obtained from sixty-nine specimens of sputum from practically all stages of tuberculosis. Six of these specimens were negative by direct microscopic examination, but the cultures gave positive findings. These six specimens have been positive for tubercle bacilli at some time. Nineteen positive cultures were isolated from thirty-two specimens of feces. All these thirty-two specimens, upon direct microscopical examination, gave positive findings, some showing only a few tubercle bacilli. Six specimens were not free from contaminating organisms, and the remaining seven were negative. The method presented in this paper has proved very simple and accurate for the isolation of tubercle bacilli from sputum. The partial success in isolating tubercle bacilli from feces may be due to the fact that many of the bacilli may be dead.
The monkey (Macacus rhesus) usually tolerates readily the repeated intraspinal injection of large doses of 0.3 per cent. tricresol antimeningitis serum. The spontaneous respiration is generally not disturbed. Doses of 0.3 per cent. tricresol serum as large as 8 c.c. per kilo were injected intraspinally with subsequent recovery, even when the monkey had a partial pneumothorax. Dangerous alterations of the respiration and blood pressure in the monkey after 0.3 per cent. tricresol serum given by syringe are apparently largely due to increased intraspinal pressure, for the mere reduction of this pressure has sufficed to bring about a prompt and complete recovery. The medullary centers of the monkey (vagus, respiratory, and vasomotor) are highly resistant to the action of sera when injected intraspinally, strikingly more so than those of the dog. Occasionally the mere introduction of a hypodermic needle into the spinal dural sac of non-anesthetized, unoperated monkeys which have already received injections of 0.3 per cent. tricresol serum, may produce a severe collapse. A preceding partial asphyxia seems to be a necessary condition. Large quantities of sera are rapidly absorbed from the spinal dural sac of monkeys, and the clotting time of the blood is decreased. The spinal meninges of the monkey are resistant to infection; even primitive precautions during intraspinal injections apparently suffice to prevent infection. Dogs are much more sensitive to the intraspinal injection of 0.3 per cent. tricresol serum than monkeys; nevertheless they may tolerate as much as 6 c.c. per kilo provided that intratracheal insufflation is maintained for some time after each injection. The chief danger in dogs after intraspinal injections of 0.3 per cent. tricresol is a cessation of the respiration; for this reason artificial respiration is necessary. The blood pressure in the dog may be profoundly lowered by 0.3 per cent. tricresol serum, yet recovery is usually obtained if intratracheal insufflation is maintained. The effects of 0.3 per cent. tricresol serum upon the medullary centers is interpreted to be the result of either excitatory or inhibitory stimuli. No evidence was found that either the respiratory, vasomotor, or vagus center is paralyzed. The local application of 0.3 per cent. tricresol serum upon the exposed medulla of dogs does not produce the same effect upon the respiration and blood pressure as intraspinal injection of the same serum. A solution of 0.3 per cent. tricresol serum applied locally to the medulla of dogs occasionally produces a transient respiratory stop page, without markedly affecting the blood pressure even when intratracheal insufflation is stopped. Increased intraspinal pressure was found to be an important factor in the production of respiratory and blood pressure changes in the dog after intraspinal injection of 0.3 per cent. tricresol serum. Both in the monkey and in the dog 0.3 per cent. chloroform serum, 0.3 per cent. ether serum, or plain horse serum produced in general a smaller effect upon the medullary centers than 0.3 per cent. tricresol serum. The ideal preservative for therapeutic sera would seem to be one which could be removed before injection. Ether in this respect is better than chloroform. The opsonins in antimeningitis serum are about equally affected by 0.3 per cent. tricresol, 0.3 per cent. chloroform, or 0.3 per cent. ether when tested after one week, one month, and three months. When intraspinal injections are given in the human being it would seem advisable to be prepared to withdraw part of the injected fluid and to administer artificial respiration, if necessary. For a safe withdrawal of fluid the gravity method is the best; for artificial respiration Meltzer's apparatus for pharyngeal insufflation is recommended.
The resistance to an infection with the tubercle bacillus which can be given to mice by the removal of the spleen is lost when fresh spleen, either of mouse or sheep, is added to the diet. The logical conclusion that splenic function in its relation to the specific infection is restored by feeding spleen cannot, however, be drawn; because, in the first place, the character of the disease in the splenectomized spleen-fed animals differs somewhat from that in intact animals; and, secondly, because fresh spleen when fed to splenectomized animals apparently gives rise to an acute intoxication. This intoxication occurs quite regularly in mice. It is manifested in the infected animals and in those not inoculated. It has been seen in one of two splenectomized dogs experimented upon. Up to the present it can hardly be definitely characterized, but it seems to be best marked out by the specific anorexia associated with it.
The minute microörganism cultivated from poliomyelitic tissues survives and maintains its pathogenicity in cultures for more than one year. Upon inoculation into monkeys poliomyelitis may fail to appear upon the first injection and yet follow from the effects of successive injections of the culture. Inoculations of cultures into monkeys which fail to produce paralysis may fail also to induce resistance or immunity. In this respect the action of the cultures resembles that of the virus as contained in infected nervous tissues. The lesions occurring in the spinal cord, medulla, and intervertebral ganglia of the monkeys which respond to the several inoculations of the cultures are identical with those present in the nervous organs of the animals responding to injection of the ordinary virus. Glycerinated nervous tissues derived from the monkeys responding to several injections of the cultures transmit experimental poliomyelitis to monkeys upon intracerebral inoculation. The microörganism inoculated may be recovered in cultures from the monkeys which develop poliomyelitis; but cultivation from the brain tissue is attended with the usual difficulties surrounding the obtaining of the initial growth. The microörganism cultivated from poliomyelitic tissues is adapted with difficulty to saprophytic conditions of multiplication, but once adapted growth readily takes place upon suitable media. When, however, as a result of inoculation into monkeys, the parasitic propensities of the microörganism are restored, it again displays the marked fastidiousness to artificial conditions of multiplication present at the original isolation. The experiments reported in this paper afford additional strong evidence in support of the view already expressed, that this microorganism bears an etiological relationship to epidemic poliomyelitis in the human subject and to experimental poliomyelitis in the monkey.
This report gives an outline of the results of observations on over 1,100 tissue cultures made during the fall, winter, and spring of 1913 to 1914. The work has been resumed in the fall of 1914 and will be continued along the same and allied lines, confirming the above results with other strains of the same organisms and with other bacteria and bacterial products. Tests should be made with tissue and plasma from other animals, and the known pathogenicity of the organism for the animal and tissue used should always be borne in mind. We hope to be able to grow on these cultures some of the more strictly parasitic bacteria not developing on ordinary media, as other strict parasites have been grown by other workers, viz., poliomyelitis virus by Levaditi (4), vaccinia by Steinhardt, Israeli, and Lambert (5), and rabies by Moon (6). By comparative studies with various types of cells and various natural and artificial media, clearer ideas as to the exact part of cell plasma in antibody production, by elaborating on the methods of Carrel and Ingebrigtsen (7), Lüdke (8), Przygode (9), and others, should be possible. After this work was begun a reference was found to the use of some pathogenic bacteria in tissue cultures by Pheiler and Lentz (10), but no publication of the results of these observations has been observed. The results here reported may be summarized as follows: Bactericidal Action of Chicken Plasma.-On Bacillus typhosus, very strong-never grows in plasma alone; on Bacillus prodigiosus, very strong-never grows in plasma alone; on Bacterium pseudodiphtheriticum, strong-slight growth in cover-glass preparations; on Bacterium diphtheriticum, moderately strong; on Bacillus coli verus, slight; on Micrococcus aureus, very slight or none. A few pseudodiphtheria bacilli and more diphtheria bacilli survived in plasma stored in the cold for four days. The presence of growing tissue overcomes the bactericidal influence of plasma on diphtheria bacilli and in some instances on pseudodiphtheria bacilli. Bacterium diphtheriticum grows in plasma without tissue only if inoculations are very heavy; and very heavy inoculations of all organisms will probably overcome the bactericidal action of plasma, as it is undoubtedly a quantitative reaction. The bactericidal influence of plasma is overcome by exposure to incubator temperature for twenty-four to forty-eight hours. Bacterium diphtheriticum in light or moderate inoculations grows in tissue cultures only in clusters around the tissue fragments, and never in plasma away from tissue. The growth of this organism has a decided inhibitory influence on tissue activity and growth, especially marked with nervous tissue, but this action may be overcome by the addition of antitoxin to the plasma. Cultures inhibited by diphtheria growth have a tendency to resume growth later, probably due to antitoxin production. Bacterium pseudodiphtheriticum is distinctly less active in tissue cultures than is Bacterium diphtheriticum and never develops in plasma without tissue. The presence of diphtheria toxin in tissue cultures causes this organism to behave as does Bacterium diphtheriticum. Without toxin it has little or no direct influence on tissue growth except in massive doses. Bacillus prodigiosus fails to develop, as a rule, in tissue cultures except where inoculated from hypertonic media, and then it has no decided influence on tissue growth. Micrococcus aureus grows freely in these cultures with or without tissue, and inhibits tissue growth markedly, except as noted with splenic tissue. Bacillus coli verus always grows freely with or without tissue fragments and is uninfluenced by splenic tissue growth. In heavy inoculations it lessens tissue growth. Bacillus typhosus, except with extremely heavy inoculations, fails absolutely to grow in these cultures with or without plasma, unless the bactericidal action of the plasma has been destroyed by incubation. When this is the case it develops freely with especial affinity for the tissue cells either for support or nourishment. It appears to have no toxic action on the tissue cells. Note the sharp differentiation between typhoid and coli verus organisms. Diphtheria toxin has a quantitatively inhibiting action on all tissue growth and on heart tissue pulsations, the action being greatest on nervous tissue and least on heart tissue growth. Tissues affected by toxin tend to recovery if not killed. Antitoxin counteracts the action of toxin. Splenic tissue has little or no effect on the growth of Bacillus coli verus, but has a decided bactericidal action on Bacterium diphtheriticum and Micrococcus aureus, probably due to lymphatic cells and cell products, as seen by the area of cell migration coinciding with the bacteria-free area, by the similar action of splenic extract on cultures, and by the failure of such action in cultures of very early splenic tissue showing no lymphatic cells.
A study of pneumococci isolated from individuals suffering from lobar pneumonia has shown that the majority of these organisms fall into definite biological groups. These groups have been arbitrarily numbered from I to IV. The first three groups consist of organisms which within the group are closely related to each other by certain immunological reactions; i. e., protection and agglutination. Extensive study has failed to reveal crossing in either of these reactions between members of separate groups. The fourth group is formed of a series of independent varieties which cannot be definitely related to one another by the immune reactions employed. Up to the present time we have observed no tendency of these organisms to lose their specific characters, nor have we observed a change of one type into another. These groups vary in their pathogenicity for human beings, and in the order of their virulence are as follows: group III, group II, group I, group IV. The degree of protective power developed in the sera of animals immunized against members of the different groups varies inversely with the virulence and with the amount of capsular development. This, however, applies only to tests of passive immunity. The highly virulent groups give as good active immunity as those of lower virulence, if not better. In view of these constant differential characters of the pneumococcus, it was deemed advisable to study the pneumococci occurring in normal sputum. It has been commonly assumed that infection in pneumonia is autogenic, and occurs from the invasion of the lungs by a pneumococcus habitually carried in the mouth. If this is so, we should find the same types in the normal mouth as occur during the disease. Examination of a series of normal individuals showed this not to be the case. In no instance was an organism found which could be grouped with any of the fixed types of pneumococcus. All exhibited the same characters as those organisms obtained from lobar pneumonia which belong to group IV. Inasmuch as organisms belonging to this group are of low virulence, and are responsible in our experience for only 20 per cent. of the cases of pneumonia, it is at once manifest that the majority and more virulent cases of pneumonia are due to organisms which are not found in normal mouths. To gain further evidence of this difference, a study has been made of convalescents from pneumonia who had been infected by typical organisms. During the period of recovery these typical organisms are supplanted by the type which occurs in normal mouths. The period of disappearance of the typical varieties has varied. The shortest time in which disappearance has occurred has been twelve days, and the longest period in which typical organisms have been carried has been ninety days. In the latter instance the patient was lost sight of, so that he may well have carried the virulent form for a longer period of time. In general, when typical organisms persist for a long time, there is delay in the healing of the lung lesion. If recovery is prompt, as a rule the virulent types disappear rapidly. We have said that the virulent types do not occur in normal mouths. There are exceptions to this observation. In a number of instances organisms belonging to the typical groups have been isolated from the mouth sputum of healthy individuals. So far this has occurred only in individuals intimately in contact with cases of lobar pneumonia. Wherever typical organisms have been obtained under such circumstances, the type has always corresponded to that with which the case of pneumonia was infected. Such individuals, therefore, become infected with virulent types of pneumococcus by contact, and may be regarded as healthy carriers of disease-producing types. This study makes it probable that the majority of cases of pneumonia are dependent upon either direct or indirect contact with a previous case. Mere infection of the mouth by virulent types is by no means sufficient to cause the disease. In order to invade the lungs, these virulent types must find the circumstances favorable, or a suitable condition must arise during the period when they are harbored in the mouth. Comparative study of certain strains of pneumococci received from South Africa suggests that new groups of parasitic organisms develop only during the period of high racial susceptibility. A like condition of affairs is brought about when a group of hitherto unexposed individuals is brought into contact with an infectious microörganism. The development of racial immunity soon limits the number of new types which may arise. The suggestion is made that strictly parasitic races of microorganisms are pure lines and have established themselves as parasites during a period of high racial susceptibility.
The immune bodies of antipneumococcus serum are completely precipitated by 38 to 42 per cent. saturation with ammonium sulphate. They are incompletely precipitated by (a) ammonium sulphate in less than 38 per cent. saturation, (b) saturation with sodium chloride, (c) dilution and saturation with carbon dioxide, (d) removal of crystalloids by dialysis. The immune bodies of antipneumococcus serum are, therefore, associated or combined with that fraction of the globulins precipitated by 38 to 42 per cent. saturation with ammonium sulphate. The immune body fraction does not correspond exactly with the ordinary euglobulin (one-third saturation with ammonium sulphate or complete saturation with sodium chloride) or with the insoluble globulins precipitated by carbon dioxide or dialysis. These fractions carry with them only a part of the immune bodies. Neither the albumin nor that fraction of the globulin not precipitated by 38 to 42 per cent. saturation of ammonium sulphate contain any of the demonstrable antibodies. The most promising method for the practical purification of the immune bodies occurring in antipneumococcus serum appears to be precipitation by 38 to 42 per cent. saturation with ammonium sulphate.
Our later investigations confirm our previous results. 1. It is possible to increase markedly the effect of substances inhibiting tumor growth by using certain combinations of these substances which, when given alone, have some effect on tumor growth. 2. Immunity acquired against the effect of these substances depends partly upon an active immunization of the tumor cells themselves against the action of these substances, and this immunity is transmitted to the following generations of tumor cells. 3. The immunity against the substances inhibiting tumor growth is, as far as we have investigated the problem, specific. 4. Our later experiments provide a more secure basis for the additional and more general conclusions which we mentioned tentatively in our previous paper.
If we now consider briefly the principal results of our investigation, we can, in comparing the behavior of the thyroid after auto- and homeoplastic transplantation, in general recognize three stages. In the first stage, comprising the first 4 to 5 days after transplantation, there is no noticeable difference between the auto- and homeograft; both corresponding pieces behave in the main alike; large parts of both grafts become necrotic in the center; the necrosis begins shortly after the transplantation and concerns only a part of the periphery; here a narrow zone of thyroid tissue is left; it consists of one to two rows of partly well recognizable follicles. After 48 hours the first fibroblasts, polynuclear leucocytes, and lymphocytes appear in the tissue surrounding the grafts. After 72 hours these elements are present also in the center of the thyroid tissue. At the same date the first mitoses appear in the follicular epithelium; their number is, however, as yet small, but it increases markedly during the following days. After 4 days are found the first newly formed follicles, and from now on their number is increasing. Colloid is present only in small amounts in the old follicles. The central necrotic area still persists, but the masses of detritus are becoming smaller, while the number of fibroblasts and lymphocytes in the necrotic part is increasing; new blood vessels are also visible in the necrotic center. The second stage, the stage of transition, extends over the next seven days. The earliest, at first slight, differences between the auto- and homeograft appear after 5 days; the difference is usually very definite after 12 days. During this time there is an increase in the number of follicles in the autograft and correspondingly a decrease in the size of the necrotic central area, which is caused by a gradually progressing removal of the necrotic material in the center of the piece. The follicles are lined with a high cylindrical epithelium, which contains numerous mitoses. The number of mitoses increases markedly after the 4th day and reaches a maximum between the 7th and 9th days. Newly produced colloid is always present in the autograft after the 8th day; in the newly formed follicles the colloid contains numerous vacuoles and is almost never retracted, in contradistinction to the solid retracted colloid in the old follicles, which probably was present in the follicles at the time of transplantation. At the end of this period the central part is almost entirely freed from the necrotic masses and is filled with loosely arranged connective tissue cells, between which isolated lymphocytes and polynuclear leucocytes can be found. It contains also numerous blood vessels and brown blood pigment cells. After 5 days, with the beginning of the second stage, the first as yet rather insignificant differences become noticeable in the homeotransplants. They are as follows: (1) The number of lymphocytes is much larger in the homeo- than in the autograft. (2) The fibroblasts are increased in the central area and these fibroblasts form here very soon firm connective tissue bundles; they surround also the individual follicles or small groups of follicles and form fibrous bands, which are at this stage still very small. During the following days the number of lymphocytes increases and the fibrous connective tissue becomes more prominent, so that 7, 9, 10, and 11 days after transplantation numerous follicles are not only destroyed by the surrounding and invading lymphocytes, but in addition a part of the follicles is encircled and compressed by wide connective tissue bands. This compression is especially distinct in the central parts of the homeografts. At this stage the absence of a well developed vascular system is already noticeable in the central parts of the homeografts. It is especially noteworthy that the follicles of the homeograft which escaped destruction by the lymphocytes and connective tissue are as well preserved as in the autograft. Colloid is usually present in smaller amounts than in the autografts, even in the well preserved follicles of the homeografts. It must, however, be stated that some variations occur in this stage in the degree of destruction of the homeotransplanted pieces. Side by side with pieces in which a marked destruction has taken place, there are other pieces which suffered as yet relatively little. But some of the above mentioned differences between the auto- and homeotransplants are always present to a smaller or larger extent. There are also certain variations in the relative strength, with which lymphocytes and connective tissue injure the follicles; in some homeotransplants the attacks on the part of the lymphocytes prevail, while in others those on the part of the connective tissue are more prominent. The homeotransplants, which are relatively little injured at this stage are spared only to be subject to a stronger attack on the part of the lymphocytes and connective tissue during the following stage. The third stage begins approximately with the 12th day. From now on the difference between auto- and homeograft is sharply defined. In the autografts the regeneration of the thyroid tissue is steadily progressing and is nearly complete after 21 days. After this date the autograft represents throughout the picture of the normal thyroid gland; well developed follicles filled with colloid are surrounded by a very scant connective tissue. Mitoses, which begin already to decrease after the 9th day, are still present at the end of 17 days, but absent after this date. The small amount of loosely built, usually centrally located connective tissue, has no tendency to undergo a fibrous or hyaline change and does nowhere exert a compression on the follicles. It contains always a large number of blood vessels and only a few lymphocytes. In the homeograft the secondary destruction of the follicles is progressing with great intensity after the 12th day. In contradistinction to a primary degeneration of the follicles, due to the action of substances circulating in the body fluids, which might have been expected to take place, but which in reality does not occur, and which would be followed only secondarily by a connective tissue proliferation and lymphocytic invasion, we may speak of the destruction by means of lymphocytes and connective tissue, which actually does take place, as a secondary destruction of the follicles. This secondary mode of destruction of the follicles through lymphocytes and connective tissue is found exclusively in the homeotransplant. Following this destruction the larger part of the homeografts is occupied by a fibrous, hyaline connective tissue, in which remnants of destroyed follicles in the form of clefts filled with lymphocytes are seen. In several cases the destruction of follicles through lymphocytes, which accumulate in large numbers around the follicles and destroy them very actively, prevails; in other cases the compression of the follicles through fibrous, hyaline connective tissue predominates; in other cases both factors may be about equally active. The few peripheral follicles which escaped destruction are small, probably as a result of compression through the connective tissue; but they may still show normal epithelium and nuclei and may occasionally contain traces of colloid. Newly formed colloid is not present in the homeotransplants at the third stage. It should also be mentioned that the blood supply of the homeografts, especially after the 12th day, is very much restricted and that the blood vessels are mainly located in the connective tissue surrounding the graft, and not in the central connective tissue, which exists here in a much larger quantity and is much denser than in the autograft. At this stage also we find considerable variations in the extent of the injuries, in the individual follicles. But no piece escapes the attack entirely, and those which remain relatively well preserved for a certain period will be attacked at a later date by the connective tissue, as well as by the lymphocytes of the host. To summarize briefly, the principal result: For a short period of time after operation no difference is seen in the behavior of the thyroid after auto- and homeotransplantation. Very soon, however, a destruction of follicles begins to take place in the homeografts. This destruction is not caused by a direct primary disintegration or solution of follicles, but depends on the destructive activity of (1) the lymphocytes, and (2) of the connective tissue of the host tissue. The former invade the follicles and destroy them directly; the latter grows into the homeografts in larger quantity than into the autografts. In the former it soon becomes fibrous and hyaline; in the latter it remains cellular. The fibrous connective tissue surrounds and compresses and thus destroys the follicles. In some homeografts destruction by means of lymphocytes, in others by connective tissue, preponderates. The rapidity with which the destruction takes place in different homeotransplants also varies. A much better blood vessel supply develops in the autograft than in the homeograft.
Cholesterol, in 0.1 gram amounts, melted in a compact mass and inserted into the subcutaneous tissues of the back of the guinea pig, is slowly removed, as determined by chemical analyses. The rate of removal is probably greatly dependent upon the physical state of the cholesterol. The quantitative estimation of cholesterol by the method previously described can not be shortened and simplified by the direct saponification of the tissues by means of 5 per cent. sodium alcoholate or a strong (50 per cent.) solution of sodium hydroxide, instead of saponifying the alcohol-ether extract.
The relative difficulty with which the characteristic central lobular liver necrosis can be produced in young pups after chloroform administration is in some way referable to the high glycogen contents of their livers. Evidence for this conclusion lies in the following facts: 1. Pups can readily be made to show the central liver necrosis which is found in chloroform poisoning in adults, if, prior to the administration of chloroform, they have been starved or starved and made diabetic by phlorhizin. 2. A single quantitative experiment showed that the liver of a normal, well nourished pup, twenty-four hours old, contained as much as 9.07 per cent. of glycogen. 3. The feeding of carbohydrates to adult animals lessens their susceptibility to the production of liver necrosis by chloroform.
1. In cases in which great inequalities in the blood flow in the two hands were produced by mechanical causes (ligation or compression of vessels, embolism), the stability of the ratio of the flows, in successive measurements at short intervals, was found to be characteristic. Over long intervals the opening up of collateral circulation or the progressive increase of the block (in a case of multiple embolism with thrombosis) was followed by changes in the ratio of the blood flows in the normal and the affected part. Another criterion of these conditions was found to be that the inequality was not abolished by producing general vasomotor changes; e. g., by altering the external temperature. 2. In certain cases inequalities in the blood flow in the two hands (or feet) were found which were not stable from day to day, and which could be abolished, reduced, increased, or reversed by alterations in the external conditions which bring about general vasomotor changes. These inequalities, not associated with clinically recognizable differences between the parts compared, were interpreted as due to unequal activity of the vasomotor mechanism on the two sides. The condition appeared to be most frequent in certain groups of neurological cases.
Lobar pneumonia in 75 per cent of instances is due to specific types of pneumococci possessed of a high degree of pathogenicity. Although pneumococci occur in the mouths of 60 per cent of normal individuals, such organisms are readily distinguishable from the highly parasitic types of pneumococcus responsible for the severe forms of lobar pneumonia, a convincing proof that infection in this disease is, in the majority of instances, not autogenic in nature, but is derived from some extraneous source. In a high percentage of instances healthy persons intimately associated with cases of lobar pneumonia harbor the disease-producing types of pneumococcus. In every such instance the pneumococcus isolated has corresponded in type with that of the infected individual. Convalescents from pneumonia carry for a considerable length of time the type of pneumococcus with which they have been infected. The existence of the carrier state among healthy persons and among those recently recovered from pneumonia establishes a basis for understanding the mechanism by means of which lobar pneumonia spreads and maintains its high incidence from year to year.
We have attempted to discover whether or not certain protein materials, such as albumose, casein, and albumen, when introduced parenterally (peritoneally) into experimental animals, are able to produce organic lesions. These proteins were used alone or in combination with chloroform, which was administered in oil and as an anesthetic. Our results were negative.
A train of symptoms, coupled with retardation of tissue metabolism and with inactivity of the reproductive glands, not only accompanies states of experimentally induced hypophysial deficiency, but is equally characteristic of clinical states of hypopituitarism. The more notable of these symptoms are a tendency, in the chronic cases, toward an unusual deposition of fat, a lowering of body temperature, slowing of pulse and respiration, fall in blood pressure, and oftentimes a pronounced somnolence. These symptoms bear a marked resemblance to the physiological phenomena accompanying the state of hibernation which have heretofore been unsatisfactorily ascribed solely to extracorporeal factors; namely, a seasonal deprivation of food and low temperature. In a series of hibernating animals (woodchucks) it has been found that during the dormant period histological changes are apparent in many of the ductless glands. The most notable of these changes occur in the pituitary body, as previously observed by Gemelli. The gland not only diminishes in size, but the cells of the pars anterior in some animals at least completely lose their characteristic staining reactions to acid and basic dyes. At the end of the dormant period the gland swells, and as the cells enlarge they again acquire their differential affinity for acid, basic, and neutral stains, and at the same time karyokinetic figures may appear.
The central lobular necrosis in the liver, which has been regarded by some writers as characteristic of late chloroform poisoning, has been produced experimentally with a number of other drugs. It is, therefore, in no sense peculiar to chloroform poisoning. Substances which have been shown to produce a morphological picture indistinguishable from that of late chloroform poisoning are: (a) dichlor- and tetrachlormethane, (b) tribrom- and triiodomethane, (c) monochlor-, monobrom-, and monoiodoethane, also the dibromethane; that is, in general, the halogen substituted aliphatic hydrocarbons containing one or two carbon atoms. Presumably similar results might be obtained with the higher members of the same series. The mechanism by which chloroform produces its characteristic tissue changes must accordingly be considered as a group reaction. Outside the body the similarities between the chemical behavior of different members of this group have been correlated by Nef on the basis of the type of dissociation which these substances undergo and the differences in their behavior on the basis of the differences of the degree to which such dissociations occur. According to the work of Nef, the group of substances under discussion has the property of dissociating to yield a halogen acid and an unsaturated alkylidene rest. Thus with chloroform the type of dissociation may be expressed thus: See PDF for Equation In this paper the view is developed that the changes characteristic of late poisonings with the above named group, namely edema, multiple hemorrhages, fat infiltration, and necrosis are ascribable (1) to acids and (2) to the fact that the amount of acid formed parallels the chemical dissociability of the drug outside of the body. Favoring the view that acid is responsible for the changes are the following observations. 1. All the characteristic features of late chloroform poisoning have been produced merely by the administration of hydrochloric acid, except, however, for a different distribution of the liver necrosis. 2. The areas of central necrosis produced in the liver by the various substances under discussion give an acid reaction to neutral red. 3. Sodium carbonate in a hypertonic sodium chloride solution markedly inhibits the production of the lesions.
1. Fragments of skin from the leopard frog (Rana pipiens) were cultivated in media of varying consistency. A mixture of frog plasma, frog muscle extract, chicken plasma, and chicken embryo extract usually produced a very firm medium; a mixture of frog plasma, frog muscle extract, and chicken plasma, one less firm (semi-firm); and a mixture of frog plasma and frog muscle extract a medium of a consistency varying from soft to liquid. 2. (a) In a firm medium the cells which migrate into the medium are polyhedral (polygonal when seen from above) in form, which shape they retain permanently. They remain united in a compact membrane, the central parts of which consist of several (three to four) layers of cells. Migration of isolated cells into the medium does not take place. (b) In the semi-firm media the cells situated at the edge of the membrane become fusiform in shape, gradually detach themselves from the membrane, and stray out individually into the medium. This causes the membrane to become loose in character, and to contain holes, while its edges at the same time become very irregular and send out pointed projections. (c) In a soft medium the cells are fusiform or thread-like in shape. The migration of isolated cells is much more pronounced than in the semi-firm media, as a result of which the membrane undergoes constant and rapid loosening up. By this means whole portions of the membrane become detached and their separate parts are at first united by the thread-like columnar cells, which become drawn out in the form of long threads upon the separation of the individual sections of the membrane. The loosening up of the membrane is further assisted by liquefaction and the consequent formation of vacuoles; the latter process likewise results in the formation of thread-like columnar cells. (d) Liquid media contain only round cells. 3. This serves to explain numerous internal processes of the organism, especially certain changes of form observed by Leo Loeb in transplantations of wound scabs and of skin; the conditions artificially produced by Leo Loeb must have effected a change in the consistency of the medium. 4. It has been shown that it is unnecessary, for a satisfactory explanation of the above findings, to have recourse to the theories of "functional stimulus" or "inhibiting influences," by means of which Champy wished to account for the variations in the morphological character of the cells.
1. The heart muscle is not functionally impaired in pneumonia, since the pneumonic ventricle beats normally as soon as its food is normal. 2. Pneumonic blood, suddenly fed to normal heart muscle, lowers its efficiency, lessening the duration and the area of contraction. 3. The heart muscle in pneumonia, exposed gradually to the action of the poison, largely adjusts itself to its poisoned food.
1. After feeding, an increase in non-coagulable nitrogen of the serum can be determined, reaching a maximum in about six hours. 2. This increase is greatest in the portal blood and is partially due to an increase in amino-acids. There is no increase in proteoses. 3. There is usually a progressive decrease in serum protease, reaching a minimum after from five to seven hours. 4. The portal blood may show an unaltered or an increased amount of protease. 5. The serum antiferment shows a slight increase, but is subject to considerable fluctuation. 6. The serum lipase (esterase) shows a slight increase, reaching a maximum after three hours. The hepatic blood usually contains the lowest concentration of lipase.
1. The intravenous injection of trypsin in dogs results in a shock similar in many respects to anaphylactic and peptone shock. 2. The injection is followed by a marked rise of serum protease and lipase. 3. The antiferment usually shows a distinct drop in titer, with a recovery following in from four to twenty-four hours. 4. The non-coagulable nitrogen shows no constant alteration, but is never greatly changed in amount. 5. Inactivated preparations were in some respects followed by symptoms similar to those following the injection of the active preparation. 6. Subcutaneous and gastric absorption was practically without effect. 7. Intestinal absorption was followed by an increase in serum protease without evidence of intoxication, or by typical symptoms of acute poisoning. 8. The leucocyte curve bears no constant relation to the serum protease or lipase.
The injection of chicken embryo, in amounts of from 1 to 10 cc., confers no resistance against the Rous chicken sarcoma, when this is inoculated from 5 to 100 days after the preliminary treatment.
Castration neither increases nor decreases the inoculation percentage of transplantable carcinomata and sarcomata of the mouse and rat, nor does it either stimulate or retard their proliferation; it exerts not the slightest effect upon the growth of spontaneous carcinomata of the mouse.
Congestion of blood vessels and marked edema may occur in rabbits with a severe leucopenia. These two phenomena are, therefore, independent of the leucocytes.
Active immunity to the growth of tissue may be obtained by intraperitoneal injections of tissue emulsions. This immunity is of short duration and is followed by an anti-immunity. The immunity varies for individual tissues both in extent and in the time of onset. The immunity is not specific in so far that it is not more marked to the tissue similar to that forming the emulsion.
The refractory state to transplanted cancer, induced by the subcutaneous injection of defibrinated blood, is accompanied in every case by a definite lymphoid crisis in the blood. The rise of lymphocytes is not present during the interval between the immunizing injection and the cancer inoculation but comes on sharply within twenty-four hours of the introduction of the cancer graft. In control animals where the graft leads to a definite take there is no such lymphoid response, but in instances of natural immunity the phenomenon is similar to that seen in artificially induced immunity, though the period of rise is often delayed for several days or a week. The lymphoid crisis is not merely an accompanying factor in the immune period; it is essential to the process. This is demonstrated by the fact that destruction of the lymphocytes by x-ray is accompanied by the loss of natural or induced resistance to the growth of inoculated cancer. The polymorphonuclear cells show a tendency to increase in the animals with growing tumors, but further study will be necessary before any conclusions regarding them can be drawn.
1. The excretion of urea and of chlorides in the normal individual is carried out according to definite laws, capable of numerical expression. 2. The rate of excretion of urea and of sodium chloride is determined by the concentration in the blood, the rate of water output, and indirectly by the weight of the individual. 3. The threshold of sodium chloride excretion is practically constant at about 5.62 grams of sodium chloride per liter of plasma. Slight variations in the threshold occur in normal individuals. 4. The rate of excretion of urea under the conditions found at any time can be measured directly in terms of the normal by an index of urea excretion.
1. Following the removal of the pineal I have observed no sexual precocity or indolence, no adiposity or emaciation, no somatic or mental precocity or retardation. 2. Our experiments seem to have yielded nothing to sustain the view that the pineal gland has an active endocrine function of importance either in the very young or adult dogs. 3. The pineal is apparently not essential to life and seems to have no influence upon the animal's well being.
1. The protective substances contained in specific precipitates from antipneumococcus serum can be extracted by suitable chemical and physical agents, dilute sodium carbonate at 42 degrees C. being especially advantageous as an extractive agent. 2. The resulting water-clear extracts, when made up to the original volume of the serum used for precipitation, protect animals almost as well as does the whole serum. 3. The bacterial extracts used in precipitating the protective substances from the serum act specifically; that is, a bacterial extract of pneumococcus of Type I removes the protective substances from a Type I immune serum only. 4. In a polyvalent serum of Type I and Type II, the protective substances of each type may be removed independently of each other by the successive addition of the homologous antigens. 5. Extracts of specific serum precipitates contain only one-fiftieth to one-sixtieth of the protein in the original serum, and about one-half the protein of the whole precipitate. 6. Extracts contain not only protective substances but agglutinins and precipitins. 7. Extracts and whole precipitates not only confer passive immunity but stimulate the production of active immunity to pneumococcus infection in rabbits and mice.
The serum derived from human cases of pneumonia has been used to sensitize guinea pigs passively. As antigen an autolysate of a pneumococcus culture was employed. By means of Dale's method it has been possible to show with considerable regularity that the blood contains sensitizing antibodies during the course of pneumonia, but none after the crisis. Patients suffering from other diseases have failed to give this reaction, as have also normal individuals.
1. The larger the wound, the more rapidly the tongue enlarges and the earlier the closure of the wound takes place. Larger wounds heal, therefore, more quickly than smaller wounds within the variations in the size of the wound chosen in our experiments. 2. Both outgrowing of the tongues and contraction of the wound are concerned in the closing of the wound. A marked contraction sets in in the period preceding the closing of the wound and continues over a longer period with gradually diminishing intensity. The contraction, therefore, sets in earlier in the larger wounds. The contraction is also absolutely greater in the larger wound. 3. During wound healing the mitoses increase first markedly in the old epithelium and only very few mitoses can be found in the outgrowing epithelium during the first two days. Very soon the mitotic proliferation extends to the tongue and the number of proliferating cells may here become greater than in the old epithelium. With the closure of the wound a sudden fall in the number of mitoses takes place in both series. This fall is greatest in the tongue. Throughout the time of observation the number of mitoses is greater in the smaller wound. The fall in the number of mitoses directly after the closure of the wound is more sudden in the 4 mm. than in the 2 mm. series. It is, however, possible that the increase of mitoses extends over a larger area in the 4 mm. series than in the 2 mm. series. 4. It is probable that the difference in the rapidity in the outgrowth of the epidermal tongues and the resulting difference in the time of closure are mainly responsible for the difference in the variations in mitoses in the larger and smaller wounds. The longer the period of time over which the pull of the epithelium extends, the greater is the number of mitoses in this area. Therefore it is greater in the 2 mm. series. Closure of the wound is followed by a sudden decline in the number of mitoses especially in the area of the defect. Therefore the number of mitoses decreases earlier in the 4 mm. series, and we find here the smallest number of mitoses during the whole period of our observation. 5. The size of the epithelial cell and nucleus increases soon after the making of the wound. A maximum is reached in both the larger and smaller wound in the period just preceding the closure of the wound; this maximum is therefore reached earlier in the larger wound. Absolutely the maximal size reached in both kinds of wounds is approximately the same or only a little higher in the larger wounds. After the closure of the wound a sudden decline in the cell size takes place in the larger as well as in the smaller wounds. Then a more gradual decline sets in. Fourteen days after the operation the cells are still larger than in the normal skin. The variations in the size of the nucleus are similar to those in the whole cell, but less marked. The curves of variations in cell and nuclear size follow in both the larger and smaller wounds a curve similar to the variations in the number of mitoses. But the cell size returns more slowly to the normal condition than the number of mitoses. 6. The closure of the wound causes an increase in the number of epithelial rows over the defect. This increase is therefore reached at an earlier period in the larger wound. The increase is greater in the larger wound owing to the greater pressure which the two opposing cell layers exert upon each other in the larger wound. In the old epithelium the maximum in the number of cell rows is apparently reached slightly before the closure of the wounds. It seems that the epithelial movements leading to the closure of the wound start in the old epithelium and extend wave-like towards the wound. 7. It thus appears that the primary process in the wound healing consists in movements of the epidermis towards the wound, that these movements are carried out with greater energy in the case of the larger wounds, that the pull of the epithelium calls forth mitotic cell division, and that pressure exerted by epithelial cells upon each other leads to a rapid diminution in the mitotic proliferation.
A definite intoxication develops as a result of a closed intestinal loop and toxic material accumulates in the closed loops. Much evidence has been submitted to show that this loop poison causes the intoxication observed after producing a closed intestinal loop. Sufficient evidence has been presented to prove that the essential poison is present in these closed intestinal loops, and usually in concentrated form. Chemical study of the contents of closed intestinal loops shows that a single substance or group of substances possesses toxic properties. This resists autolysis and pancreatic and ereptic digestion. It is thrown out of solution by five volumes of alcohol or by half saturation with ammonium sulphate. It is readily soluble in water and is not injured by boiling. It is not removed by dialysis. The method of isolation excludes practically all substances except primary proteoses. The characteristic resistance to digestive enzymes suggests a heteroproteose. Proteose intoxication in dogs gives a picture identical with that described after poisoning with intestinal loop fluid: early salivation and vomiting, followed by diarrhea and prostration, fall in temperature and blood pressure, and finally death in collapse. Autopsy shows essentially a splanchnic paralysis and remarkable engorgement of liver and spleen, but especially of the mucosa of the duodenum and small intestine. The blood shows great concentration due to loss of fluid and may remain incoagulable because of an excess production of antithrombin. Proteoses escaping from the blood are excreted in the urine. This toxic proteose concerned in intestinal obstruction has not yet been isolated in the urine, but may be excreted by the kidneys. This probably explains the clinical improvement and lessened intoxication noted after transfusion. Experimental evidence points to a primary proteose as the essential poison concerned in the intoxication of closed intestinal loops and intestinal obstruction.
It is known that hemoglobin can be rapidly changed to bile pigment in a circulation confined to the head, neck, and thorax. This excludes direct liver participation (1). These experiments show that hemoglobin can be changed to bile pigment within the pleural or peritoneal cavities. This transformation can usually be detected after eight hours, and the amount can often be estimated quantitatively after an interval of twenty-four hours. Such experiments demonstrate the importance which may attach to extrahepatic bile pigment formation. That bile pigments can be formed without direct liver activity is established beyond doubt.
It has been shown that small amounts of the digestive secretions normally present in the duodenum regurgitate into the stomach following operative anastomosis between the stomach and the upper intestinal tract. As the duodenal contents are alkaline in reaction this reflux is thought by many to result in a decrease in the acidity of the gastric contents. The purpose of the investigations reported here has been to determine the effect of bile on the acid chyme of the stomach. By means of a cholecystgastrostomy with ligation and division of the common bile duct in six dogs the bile was diverted from the duodenum into the stomach. The secretion of gastric juice and the acidity of the gastric contents throughout the period of digestion were followed before and after the anastomoses. For this purpose three of the dogs were provided with Pawlow stomach pouches. In the three remaining animals the test meals were recovered by using apomorphin injections. The results from the two series of experiments agree. They indicate, at least with a diet of meat and water, that bile when it is present in the stomach throughout the course of digestion has no appreciable effect on the acidity of the gastric contents. While the anastomosis of the gall bladder to the stomach occasioned some temporary anorexia and vomiting in two of the dogs, the four remaining animals bore the operation well. Three or four weeks subsequent to the operation the digestion and the nutrition appeared normal in each instance. Postmortem examinations revealed no pathological changes in the gastric mucosa.
1. Syphilitic aortitis is a productive inflammatory process, the earliest and most constant feature of which is a perivascular round cell infiltration in the adventitia. 2. The typical gross picture of luetic aortitis is often obscured by a superimposed, diffuse atherosclerosis. In the early cases the aorta appears fairly normal, presenting only the characteristic histological changes. 3. A pure aortic insufficient valve, with the exception of an infectious endocarditis, is always luetic. 4. Cardiac hypertrophy is not a complication of luetic aortitis. When present it is usually associated with a nephritis. 5. The demonstration of Spirochoeta pallida, even in advanced specimens of syphilitic aortas, is doubtful. 6. An antigen prepared from alcoholic extract of guinea pig heart with the original Wassermann technique should be preferred in diagnosing luetic aortitis. 7. Positive complement fixations in patients suffering with syphilis for a period of about fifteen years or longer suggest the probability, at least, of histological luetic changes in the aorta in 80 to 90 per cent of the cases. 60 per cent of these die from aortitis. 8. About 94 per cent of patients suffering with aortitis give positive Wassermann reactions.
The similarity in the cases of rat-bite fever recorded in the literature establishes it as a definite clinical entity. The same symptomatology occurs in cases from Asia, Europe, and America. The greater frequency of the disease in Japan than elsewhere is probably due to the housing conditions and habits of the people resulting in the more frequent occurrence of rat-bites. It does not seem necessary to consider that cases occurring in Europe and America are due to the bites of rats that have been imported from Japan. The clinical picture and course of the disease indicate that it is infectious in origin. Until Schottmüller's case appeared in 1914, the etiology had been undiscovered. He isolated from his case in eight consecutive blood cultures a streptothrix which he has designated Streptothrix muris ratti. His work has been confirmed by the isolation of an identical streptothrix from the blood during life and at autopsy in the case here reported. Further confirmation of the etiological relationship of this organism to the infection in our patient is found in the production of powerful agglutinins for the organism in the blood serum of this case and in the demonstration of the organism in the vegetation on the mitral valve. It is not unreasonable to suppose that Proescher (13) observed the same organism in the sections of the excised wound in his case. Although it is fully realized that Koch's postulates have not been fulfilled in the absence of successful animal experimentation, nevertheless the accumulated evidence here presented leaves little reason to doubt that the specific cause of rat-bite fever is Streptothrix muris ratti. The pathology of rat-bite fever has hitherto been largely a matter of surmise. One autopsy only has been recorded in the literature (Miura (22)), and nothing abnormal was noted other than injection of the pial vessels. The autopsy in the case here reported has proved of considerable interest in the extent and character of the lesions found. A streptothrix septicemia with the localization of the organism in the mitral valve producing an acute ulcerative endocarditis is the most striking feature of the case. The infarcts of the spleen and kidney are a natural sequence of the endocarditis. The subacute lesions of the myocardium, liver, adrenal, and kidneys, glomerular and interstitial, are all of a similar nature, consisting of areas infiltrated with leukocytes, lymphocytes, plasma, and endothelial cells with varying degrees of degeneration of the normal cells of the affected area. In no instance has the presence of the streptothrix in these lesions been demonstrated, and it is not unreasonable to assume that they are toxic in origin. The data here presented may be correlated with the clinical features of rat-bite fever to give us a clear understanding of the course and nature of the disease. The patient is inoculated by the bite of a rat with Streptothrix muris ratti. After a variable incubation period a non-suppurative inflammatory reaction occurs at the site of the wound with extension to the neighboring lymphatics and lymph nodes. Invasion of the blood stream follows, accompanied by the onset of severe toxic symptoms. Clinically the nervous system and frequently the kidneys seem to be especially involved. That the myocardium, liver, and adrenals may also suffer is shown by the autopsy findings in the case reported above. Ulcerative endocarditis is probably a rare occurrence. In the majority of cases after a more or less prolonged course, the disease terminates spontaneously and so may be considered a self-limited infection. This is presumably brought about by the development in the body of a protective mechanism against the streptothrix. That such a process does occur is evidenced by the demonstration of agglutinins in our case. Whether a permanent immunity is acquired after one attack of rat-bite fever is not known. No instances of a second infection are recorded in the literature. Although rat-bite fever varies somewhat in its symptomatology in individual cases, the picture is sufficiently characteristic to make the diagnosis not a difficult matter. The history of a rat-bite, latent incubation period with subsequent non-suppurative inflammatory reaction of the wound, lymphangitis, and enlarged lymph nodes, severe chill at onset, high fever of the relapsing type, intense muscular pain and nervous symptoms, and the characteristic bluish red exanthem, present a symptom-complex not easily overlooked. The disease is frequently complicated by a severe nephritis, and prolonged cases develop a high grade of anemia and cachexia. In the case here reported ulcerative endocarditis occurred. In the large majority of cases the prognosis is favorable for a successful termination. The patients, however, are often incapacitated for a considerable period of time The mortality is about 10 per cent, death usually occurring in the first febrile period apparently from a profound toxemia, or at a later stage due to the development of a severe nephritis. Until recently treatment has been entirely symptomatic and has been of little avail in altering the course of the disease. Miyake has found immediate treatment of the wound by cauterization or with carbolic acid highly efficient as a prophylactic measure. Hata (30) in 1912 introduced salvarsan therapy and reported eight cases so treated, seven of which showed marked and rapid improvement. One case was apparently unaffected. Two of the cases receiving only small doses had a subsequent relapse. Surveyor (31) and Dalal (18) also have reported success with salvarsan injections. It is to be hoped that further experience with this method of treatment will yield equally favorable results.
1. Antipneumococcus serum possesses the power of inhibiting for a certain period of time the multiplication of pneumococci. 2. It also has the capacity of inhibiting the proteolytic and glycolytc functions of pneumococci. 3. This power is acquired for the first time or appears in increased amounts in human serum at the time of crisis in lobar pneumonia. 4. The retardation of bacterial growth is thought to be dependent upon the inhibition of metabolic function due to the presence of anti-enzymotic substances in antipneumococcus serum. To this phenomenon we have applied the term antiblastic immunity.
The feeding of egg yolk or pure cholesterol to rabbits produces an abundant deposit of anisotropic fat in various organs. From this deposit characteristic lesions secondarily result in certain organs. Prominent among these lesions is an atheroma of the aorta very similar in the gross and histologically to the human lesion. Lesions of other vessels are also produced, conspicuous among which are those of the branches of the pulmonary artery. There is a large deposit of anisotropic fat in the liver which produces a cirrhosis. Enlargement of the adrenals occurs, probably due to the storage of an excessive amount of anisotropic fat. In a certain proportion of rabbits conspicuous lesions are produced in the kidneys consisting of nodular deposits of anisotropic fat in the medullary portion, the fat being contained for the most part in endothelial cells and fibroblasts in the interstitial tissue. Later softening occurs in these areas as in the aorta; the cells break down; there is an abundant deposit of cholesterol crystals, some calcification, and a proliferation of connective tissue. Scars frequently extend outward from these lesions through the cortex, but the nodular deposits of anisotropic fat are never seen in the cortex. It is impossible to determine definitely from these experiments whether or not these deposits are dependent on preexisting interstitial lesions.
1. In dogs whose splenic veins have been ligated or transplanted into the inferior vena cava, or in which an Eck fistula has been made, an anemia occurs which resembles that following splenectomy and shows the same general variation in degree and duration. 2. The resistance of the red cells to hypotonic salt solution is quickly increased, sometimes coincident with and sometimes preceding the anemia. As a rule, it gradually returns to normal in about the same length of time as it takes the anemia to disappear, but may remain increased for longer periods. 3. There is an initial leukocytosis, involving at first the polymorphonuclear leucocytes and transitional cells. As the total leukocytosis diminishes there is both a relative and actual increase of small lymphocytes and usually of eosinophils. This may either be temporary or last during the rest of the period of observation and differs from the ordinary postoperative leukocytosis. 4. Ligation of the splenic vein is followed by considerable atrophy of the spleen, but not by necrosis or thrombosis. There is rarely adequate new vein formation. The other operations cause little or no change in the spleen. 5. Whether the disturbances as described are due to the loss of a certain volume of blood to the liver, or, as has been previously suggested, to the loss of a splenic hormone, it is impossible to say. If the former is true, the method of production of the anemia still remains unexplained. It is evident, furthermore, that the latter theory has also no value unless it is assumed that this hormone must be activated by passage through the liver.
1. Dogs whose splenic veins or portal vein (Eck fistula) have been transplanted into the inferior vena cava, or whose splenic veins have been ligated, show a lessened tendency to jaundice similar to that exhibited by splenectomized animals. 2. Although the previously existing anemia and the concomitant increased resistance of the red cells of these animals are undoubtedly factors in the greater resistance to hemolytic agents, the lessened tendency to jaundice is, in part at least, due to a mechanical factor dependent on the course of the blood supply to the liver. 3. The additional anemia caused in the test animals by hemolytic agents is usually less than in the controls, although the total fall from the original normal may be greater. This applies to the splenectomized as well as the other test animals and is a modification of our former statements in regard to the severity of the anemia in splenectomized dogs. 4. Although the destruction of blood in these animals is less than in the normal controls, the repair of the same takes considerably longer than in the controls. This confirms similar results previously obtained in splenectomized animals. 5. The white cells exhibit much the same changes as they do following the administration of hemolytic agents to splenectomized or normal animals. As these changes are not unlike those following uncomplicated splenectomy or the operations here discussed, they cannot be considered as characteristic of any of the above procedures, but perhaps as an accompaniment of any temporary increased blood destruction. 6. The reaction of test and control animals is substantially the same, whether the jaundice is caused by toluylenediamin or hemolytic immune serum.
In spite of numerous abnormalities or non-experimental lesions in the rabbit certain facts can be considered as established. It has been known for many years that pneumonia is produced by the more or less prolonged inhalation of high partial pressures of oxygen. The studies herein reported show that atmospheres containing 80 to 96 per cent oxygen under normal barometric pressure produce in 24 hours, or more commonly 48 hours, congestion, edema, epithelial degeneration and desquamation, fibrin formation, and finally a pneumonia, probably of irritative origin and to be described as a fibrinous bronchopneumonia. The important new points are the time relations of these changes and definition of the type of the pneumonia. Other studies have noted slight passive congestion, but it is now established that this is to be accounted for in most cases by dilatation of the right side or of both sides of the heart. This congestion affects all the abdominal viscera and is accompanied by certain secondary changes such as cloudy swelling of the parenchymatous organs and phagocytosis of erythrocytes by endothelial cells of the mesenteric lymph nodes. Although deficiency of oxygen may affect the hematopoietic system, the animals subjected to high oxygen percentages failed to show any demonstrable pathologic changes in blood, spleen, lymph nodes, or bone marrow, except for the presence of congestion. This study is the first of a comprehensive series projected in and under the direction of the Carnegie Nutrition Laboratory. Different animals and various methods of attack will be employed in the investigation.
1. The toxicity of uranium in animals of different ages is associated with the power of the metal to lead to the formation of organic acids, as, for instance, diacetic acid and also acetone. 2. The power of sodium carbonate to lessen the toxicity of uranium depends upon its power to delay the formation of such bodies and to cause their appearance in the urine in lessened amounts, and does not depend upon the power of the carbonate to detoxicate the metal. 3. The protection of the kidney by the carbonate, which is shown by the kidney being functionally much more active during an anesthesia than the kidney of a control animal, and by the Jack of fatty degeneration, acute swelling, and necrosis of the renal epithelium which is constantly seen in the unprotected kidneys, is probably dependent upon two factors: the neutralization of organic acids formed prior to and during the anesthesia, and the neutralization of hydrochloric acid which Graham has shown to be liberated by chloroform during an anesthesia induced by this substance.
The Flexner-Jobling adenocarcinoma of the rat is easily transplantable into the testis of this animal. The resulting growths in the intact testis do not often attain the size of subcutaneous tumors. The smaller size of intratesticular nodules can not be explained solely by the pressure to which they are subjected during their growth; other factors, which cannot be determined, appear to be concerned.
1. Spirochaetes from the living paretic brain easily infect rabbits with experimental syphilis. 2. They constitute a virulent strain with a shorter period of incubation for the rabbit than exists with other strains.
Acute ulcers of the gastric mucosa are found in a large percentage of dogs and cats dying after adrenalectomy. These ulcers seem to develop during the moribund period. They are apparently peptic ulcers forming at the site of local hemorrhages in the gastric mucosa. They are true acute ulcers, usually penetrating to the muscularis mucosa with a total loss of epithelium. They develop in the absence of pancreatic secretion and bile. However, they appear to develop only in an acid medium.
An adenocarcinoma of the mammary gland of an old guinea pig has been successfully transplanted through eight successive series of animals. It now appears much earlier and grows more rapidly. The number of takes also has increased. In two instances metastasis to the regional lymph glands (inguinal) has been observed. Once microscopic metastases were found in the kidney. The so called precancerous changes observed in the breasts of women and mice suffering from mammary carcinoma were found in the mammary gland of the spontaneous tumor animal. It is hoped that the tumor may soon be utilized for experimental purposes.
The erythrocytes of some species are much damaged when handled in salt solutions, as in washing with the centrifuge after the ordinary method. The injury is mechanical in character. It may express itself in hemolysis only after the cells have been kept for some days. It is greatest in the case of dog corpuscles, and well marked with sheep and rabbit cells. The fragility of the red cells, as indicated by washing or shaking them in salt solution is different, not only for different species, but for different individuals. It varies independently of the resistance to hypotonic solutions. The protection of fragile erythrocytes during washing is essential if they are to be preserved in vitro for any considerable time. The addition of a little gelatin ((1/8) per cent) to the wash fluid suffices for this purpose, and by its use the period of survival in salt solutions of washed rabbit, sheep, and dog cells is greatly prolonged. Plasma, like gelatin, has marked protective properties. Though gelatin acts as a protective for red cells it is not preservative of them in the real sense. Cells do not last longer when it is added to the fluids in which they are kept. Locke's solution, though better probably than Ringer's solution, or a sodium chloride solution, as a medium in which to keep red cells, is ultimately harmful. The addition of innocuous colloids does not improve it. But the sugars, especially dextrose and saccharose, have a remarkable power to prevent its injurious action, and they possess, in addition, preservative qualities. Cells washed in gelatin-Locke's and placed in a mixture of Locke's solution with an isotonic, watery solution of a sugar remain intact for a long time,-nearly 2 months in the case of sheep cells. The kept cells go easily into suspension free of clumps, they pass readily through paper filters, take up and give off oxygen, and when used for the Wassermann reaction behave exactly as do fresh cells of the same individual. The best preservative solutions are approximately isotonic with the blood serum. If the cells are to be much handled gelatin should be present, for the sugars do not protect against mechanical injury. Different preservative mixtures are required for the cells of different species. Dog cells last longest in fluids containing dextrin as well as a sugar. The mixture best for red cells is not necessarily best for leukocytes. A simple and practical method of keeping rabbit and human erythrocytes is in citrated whole blood to which sugar solution is added. In citrated blood, as such, human red cells tend to break down rather rapidly, no matter what the proportion of citrate. Hemolysis is well marked after little more than a week. But in a mixture of 3 parts of human blood, 2 parts of isotonic citrate solution (3.8 per cent sodium citrate in water), and 5 parts of isotonic dextrose solution (5.4 per cent dextrose in water), the cells remain intact for about 4 weeks. Rabbit red cells can be kept for more than 3 weeks in citrated blood; and the addition of sugar lengthens the preservation only a little. The results differ strikingly with the amount of citrate employed. Hemolysis occurs relatively early when the smallest quantity is used that will prevent clotting. The optimum mixture has 3 parts of rabbit blood to 2 of isotonic citrate solution. In the second part of this paper experiments are detailed which prove that cells preserved by the methods here recorded function excellently when reintroduced into the body.
In order to determine the availability for functional uses of red cells kept in vitro by our methods, transfusion experiments have been carried out with rabbits by which a large part of their blood was replaced with kept rabbit cells suspended in Locke's solution. It has been found that erythrocytes preserved in mixtures of blood, sodium citrate, saccharose, and water for 14 days, and used to replace normal blood, will remain in circulation and function so well that the animal shows no disturbance, and the blood count, hemoglobin, and percentage of reticulated red cells remain unvaried. Cells kept for longer periods, though intact and apparently unchanged when transfused, soon leave the circulation. Animals in which this disappearance of cells is taking place on a large scale, remain healthy save for the progressing anemia. The experiments prove that, in the exsanguinated rabbit at least, transfusions of cells kept for a long time in vitro may be used to replace the blood lost, and that when the cells have been kept too long but are still intact they are disposed of without harm. The indications are that kept human cells could be profitably employed in the same way.
1. The Wallerian degeneration occurring in peripheral nerves by incubation in Ringer solution and serum does not occur in plasma. 2. Peripheral nerves incubated in plasma give rise to no growth. The same is true of peripheral nerves in a Wallerian degeneration up to the 4th day. 3. Peripheral nerves in Wallerian degeneration from the 5th day give rise to a growth of the syncytium of Schwann. In cultures from later stages there is a progressive growth of the same structure. It is evident that the proliferation of the cells of Schwann is directly produced by the degeneration of the axis cylinder and its myelin sheath. 4. In no case was growth of axis cylinders observed. 5. The growth of the syncytium of Schwann from degenerating nerves affords a basis for an anatomical conception of the centrifugal orientation of growing axis cylinders in regeneration. 6. Morphologically there is a striking resemblance between the syncytium of Schwann and neuroglia growing in plasma.
The explanation of the wide-spread changes in the embryo after grafting with adult organs offers a problem of considerable interest. Just what factors are responsible for them we are unprepared to say. They occur only after the grafting of certain adult homologous organs and are absent after grafting with such tissues as the chicken sarcoma, adult muscles, bone, and cartilage. Likewise no systemic changes have been observed after grafting of various tissues from foreign species, such as rat and mouse embryos, rat and mouse tumors of various sorts, or the normal organs of an adult animal of a foreign species. Whether or not this extensive proliferation of the white blood cell elements is to be looked on as a stimulation of a center with metastasis in the membranes and organs, or whether it is a general stimulation to the anlage of the various cells, is a point difficult to determine. Judging from the distribution and character of the proliferation, the latter seems the more plausible view. Moreover, the reaction may be of the same type as that observed by Da Fano in mice after immunization against cancer by means of tissue injections. The changes he describes, however, were not so pronounced in character and were for the most part confined to the plasma cell in the connective tissues. The possibility of the action of infection must also be considered. Smears from the embryo spleen and the scattered nodules failed, however, to show microorganisms, and cultures taken on the ordinary media were negative for bacteria. If the reaction was a result of bacterial invasion, we should expect to find the changes occurring after the implantation of some of the transplantable rat and mouse tumors, for it is well known that they become highly contaminated. But such is not the case. A possible explanation of the necrosis is that the nutrition supply does not keep pace with the growth, so that a condition develops analogous to that of the central necrosis in rapidly growing tumors. We conclude, therefore, that grafts of adult spleen, bone marrow, liver, and kidney placed in the outer membrane of a chick embryo cause stimulation of the embryo spleen and lead to proliferation of certain leukocytic elements in the mesoderm, subcutaneous tissues, and around vessels in the liver and kidney.
1. Pneumococci, dysentery bacilli of the Shiga type, and Bacillus mucosus capsulatus are agglutinated immediately when injected into the circulation of actively immunized rabbits. 2. Staphylococcus aureus and albus, colon bacilli, meningococci, gonococci, and non-virulent pneumococci agglutinate in the circulation of normal rabbits. 3. Bouillon cultures of Bacillus avisepticus are highly toxic for both rabbits and dogs. The fresh sera of these animals have no bactericidal action upon the bacteria. Dog serum opsonized the bacilli in vitro, and they are agglutinated and opsonized in the circulation and organs of normal dogs. On the other hand, none of this occurs in connection with normal rabbits. A very small quantity of culture produces a fatal septicemia in rabbits, but a subtoxic dose is without effect in dogs. 4. The degree of agglutination and opsonization of bacteria within the animal body is inversely parallel to the infectiousness of the bacteria for the host.
Cultivation on 10 per cent rabbit blood agar did not affect the agglutinability of fifty-seven strains of typhoid bacilli. The authors were unable to confirm the observations of Gay and Claypole on the variation in agglutinability caused by cultivating the typhoid bacillus on blood agar. A typhoid bacillus showing irregularity in fermentation, agglutination, and indol production is described.
In summing up the practicability of the Petroff method which is in reality a refinement and improvement upon well known methods, it has possibilities both from the standpoint of diagnosis and the study of the tubercle bacillus. It is not a difficult technique, but requires considerable attention to detail. The results should be better in larger series of cases carried on in laboratories where more time is available for close observation of the cultures during the early periods of development. It is the early transplanting of minute colonies even in the presence of contaminations which results in pure cultures. As to the practical value of the method, my experience would lead me to conclude that where sputum is obtainable in suspected cases of tuberculosis in which the tubercle bacillus cannot be demonstrated, an opportunity for diagnosis would be missed if this technique were not applied. If the result is negative it means nothing; if positive an otherwise obscure case may be cleared up. The Petroff method offers an easy opportunity of isolating large numbers of pure cultures (Table I).
1. The growth of virulent pneumococci in homologous immune serum produces (a) variations in agglutinability, (b) decrease in virulence, (c) inhibition of capsule formation, (d) increase in phagocytability with normal serum, and (e) change in absorption power and antigenic properties. 2. Reversion to the original type in these changed forms takes place upon animal passage.
1. Normal guinea pigs treated by four to six instillations of horse serum into the nose on alternate days become either hypersensitive or refractory to an intravenous injection of 0.38 cc. of serum given 16 days after the last instillation. If the amount of serum in each instillation is as much as 0.2 cc., anaphylactic death is caused by the toxic injection. If the amount of serum in each instillation is reduced to 0.04 cc. the first intravenous injection is without marked effect, and a second injection and subsequent injections of the same amount of antigen are well tolerated in about half the cases. 2. The effect produced by a given dose of serum, whether protective or anaphylactic, depends probably upon the extent of contact with the mucous membrane of the nose. 3. Guinea pigs which, after nasal treatment, have become tolerant to a definite maximum intravenous injection of the antigen appear to increase the degree of their tolerance, at least up to a resting period of more than 4 months. The same does not hold in animals immunized by the peritoneal route. 4. The first two or three instillations of a series probably determine the biologic character, whether of hypersensitiveness or hyposensitiveness, of reaction towards the serum. 5. It is probable that, contrary to the case in parenteral sensitization, hypersensitiveness and protection, respectively, set up by nasal instillations and not followed by parenteral injections, gradually disappear in about 50 to 100 days. 6. We have failed in attempts to eliminate hypersensitiveness, due to subcutaneous injection of serum, by nasal instillations which would protect the normal animal from the development of anaphylaxis. 7. It is suggested that the principles of prophylaxis evolved under these relatively simple conditions should be applied in the study of infectious disease.
Intravenous inoculations of from 1 to 3 cc. per kilo of body weight of a bouillon culture of virulent pneumococci produce septicemia and meningitis in dogs. The injected pneumococci leave the circulation rapidly, but begin to reinvade the blood from 24 to 48 hours later. The septicemia reaches its climax between the 4th and 5th days and then abruptly declines, the blood becoming sterile within from 1 to 3 days after the height of the septicemia is reached. The initial disappearance of the pneumococci from the circulation has been found to be due to agglutination of the diplococci in the blood stream and accumulation of the clumps in the lungs, liver, spleen, etc. If the dogs are reinoculated during the ascension of the septicemia, the injected diplococci leave the circulation as rapidly as in normal dogs. Cultures isolated in this stage of the infection, both before and from 3 to 4 hours after the reinoculation, are resistant to the agglutinins and opsonins of immune sera that agglutinate and opsonize the cultures with which the dogs were originally infected. Thus it follows that the pneumococci are able to reinvade the circulation because they have acquired a fastness to the existing antibodies and not because the antibodies have been bound or exhausted. By reinoculating dogs at the time of the crisis in the septicemia it has been shown that the agglutination of the pneumococci is more rapid and complete and that the diplococci leave the circulation much more rapidly than in normal dogs. Hence acquired antibodies are operative within the animals at this time although they cannot be demonstrated in vitro until from 24 to 48 hours later. Pneumococci isolated as the infection is subsiding are more susceptible to the action of immune sera than the original cultures injected. It is probable that all the dogs would have survived the infection if a meningitis had not developed. In the acutely fatal cases of meningitis few pneumococci are phagocyted, while in the milder and convalescent cases much phagocytosis occurs. It is suggested that the incubation period of infectious diseases is due to the fact that the infecting agents must become adapted to the adverse conditions encountered in the newly infected host before they can multiply sufficiently to produce the symptoms of disease. It is further suggested that epidemics may arise because the infectious agent is passed from person to person in the ascending stage of the disease and thus enters new hosts in a state of maximum resistance to the natural antibodies of such individuals. When early contacts are avoided, epidemics tend to subside because the infectious agent is weakened by the action of acquired antibodies during the period of convalescence.
The main problem which has been considered in this paper is the identification of the small thymus cells. Cells resembling ?A infiltrate the cortical layer of the thymus. Whether these cells are true lymph cells, or whether they merely represent a disguised epithelial cell, could not be solved either by purely histological or by histo- and embryogenetic studies. Text-fig. 1 gives a scheme for the differentiation of the small thymus cells and the small lymphocytes, which led to a conception of the lymphoid nature of the small thymus cells. On the left of the figure is shown the origin and the normal differentiation of the small lymphocytes and their mother cells in birds. The source of the lymphoid cells is the loose mesenchyme. The small lymphocytes (S. Lmc.), normally situated in the spleen, in the connective tissue, and in the bone marrow, appear as differentiation products of the lymphoid hemocytoblasts (L. Hbl.), especially when the latter multiply intensely in a limited space, become smaller (S. L. Hbl.), and finally change their morphological structure. The small lymphocytes may themselves under definite conditions undergo further differentiation and develop into plasma cells (Plc.) and into granular lymphocytes (Gr. Lmc.), specific for birds. The mother cells of the small lymphocytes, the lymphoid hemocytoblasts, on the other hand, differentiate in granulopoietic organs (spleen, bone marrow) into granulocytoblasts (Grbl.) and granulocytes (Grc. (Lkc.) ). The histogenetic study of cell ?A shows that its nearest stem cells are represented by the cells ?B and ?C (page 93). The striking similarity in the structure of cell ?A with that of the small lymphocyte (on the left of the text-figure), as well as the analogy of the process of its differentiation, at the expense of cells ?B and ?C, with the normal origin of the small lymphocytes, has led many investigators to accept the mesenchymal origin of the small thymus cells. According to this view, cell ?A becomes a true small lymphocyte. In addition to this is the observation of an invasion of the epithelial thymus anlage by mesenchymal elements. According to the transformation theory cell ?A has become a disguised epithelial cell. The same was admitted for their stem cells ?B and ?C. As mentioned above, many characteristic morphological features of cell structure were shown to be not as essential as previously admitted. Nerve cells and epithelial and connective tissue cells may all assume a spherical shape in a liquid medium. How then are we to regard the small thymus cell ?A ? If the mother cell of the thymus cell ?A is really a lymphoid hemocytoblast, it must possess the differentiation potentialities of a true lymphoid hemocytoblast; it must have the faculty of differentiating not only into small lymphocytes but also into granulocytoblasts (Grbl.'') and further into granulocytes (Grc. (Lkc.)''). If the small thymus cell ?A is a small lymphocyte it must under definite conditions be able to differentiate in the directions characteristic of true small lymphocytes; namely, into plasma cells (Plc.'') and into granular lymphocytes (Gr. Lmc.''). The existence of these possibilities for differentiation of the small thymus cells ?A and their stem cells ?C have been experimentally proved by this study. It has been shown that the mother cell ?C may under certain conditions proliferate intensely and differentiate into granulocytoblasts and granular leukocytes. This is probably due to the stimulating action of certain metabolic products of the grafted spleen cells. It has been also shown that the small thymus cell ?A may differentiate physiologically into a granular lymphocyte, and under administration of x-ray into a plasma cell. All the changes observed on the small thymus cells and their mother cells apply under equal conditions to the lymphoid hemocytoblasts and to the true small lymphocytes in the regions of the organism where these cells are present.
JUDGING FROM THE MACROSCOPIC AND MICROSCOPIC STUDY OF THE ANIMALS TREATED WITH THE LIQUID, ITS ACTION UPON THE TUBERCULAR LESIONS SEEMS TO BE ABOUT AS FOLLOWS: The effect of a single injection upon the lesions is either negative or inconspicuous. But after repeated injections of the preparation the congestion and leukocytic infiltration about the lesions are markedly decreased, the cheesy material resulting from degeneration of the lesions and other degeneration products are in process of absorption, and young connective tissue is being actively produced in the periphery. While these changes are taking place the number of the bacilli is also being reduced until finally they can no longer be detected on microscopic examination. Hence it appears that while the preparation may lack bactericidal action in vivo powerful enough to destroy all the bacilli at one injection, yet repeated infusions may nevertheless bring about the destruction of all the bacilli and the modification of the tubercular lesion into that of the suspended stage or even into the healed condition. Whether, therefore, the preparation brings about these results directly by killing the bacilli or indirectly by favoring the healing processes of the body, nevertheless it has power to inhibit the growth of or annihilate entirely the bacilli in vivo. The experiments reported leave no doubt that Liquid D is capable of bringing about the healing of experimental tubercular lesions; but thus far that most important problem in chemotherapeutics, namely, the extent of the cure produced, has not been solved. The experiments indicate that sterility of the tissues as far as microscopic examinations go has been secured; but microscopic examination is not after all an absolute test of sterility. In order to test this point, emulsions were made of the lungs, liver, spleen, and other organs of Treated Animals 134 and 135 (Table VII), and they were inoculated into the abdominal cavity of guinea pigs. Some of the animals receiving the emulsion developed tuberculosis, and therefore absolute sterility of the treated animals had not been obtained in these instances. The problem of the destination and distribution of the preparation in the body of the treated animal, as well as its action against the tubercle bacilli, lesions, and the tubercular organs of the infected guinea pigs, is now being studied further with results to be reported at some future time.
A general review of the cases will, I think, indicate that the preparation greatly improves or apparently cures pulmonary and surgical tuberculosis in the first and second stages, and that it seems also to produce beneficial effects upon the disease in the third stage. The duration of these beneficial effects is still to be established by more numerous trials and many years of observation. The preparation must be given intravenously, and the doses must be increased or decreased according to the age and constitution of each patient (page 156). Moreover, it should be borne in mind that the pathological phenomena and the constitution of each patient have much to do with the determination of the dose. The manner of action of the preparation is not yet entirely clear. But if it acts primarily upon the tissues which bear the tubercular lesions and then indirectly against the germ, as I assume at present, the activity which the tissues exert will have much to do with the efficacy of the preparation. If this hypothesis is correct, the minimum doses (10 to 12 mg.) will be best suited to a patient who is greatly emaciated, and should be gradually increased as the reactions, pathological processes, nutrition, etc., indicate. In any case, the dose of the preparation must be determined by the condition and constitution of the patient. In animal experiments I have been fortunate enough to obtain results which no other preparation has given. The clinical application and the establishment of its full efficacy in human cases must be left to the physician.
Cyanocuprol is markedly effective in tuberculosis, and we believe that it will play an important part in clinical medicine. It may be used more generally than tuberculin. The amount of the dose is closely related to the reaction and the final results. It should be determined for each patient after a careful examination of his symptoms. The maximum dose of 8.5 cc. should in no case be exceeded. The shortest interval between injections should be 2 weeks. If the drug is given after a shorter interval, no improvement is observed and the effects are sometimes dangerous. In order to obtain the best results the patient should be placed under conditions of complete physical and mental rest after the injection; this applies even to light cases. Care should also be taken to secure rest for the lesion. During the period of the treatment irritants to the lesion, such as potassium iodide or tuberculin, should be avoided; apricot juice, guaiacol and its derivatives, and iodol are contraindicated. No marked idiosyncrasy has been noted and no accumulative effects have been observed.
This brief report deals with six cases of leprosy in which cyanocuprol has been administered with what appear to be beneficial effects. The treatment is being continued in still other cases.
While auricular fibrillation is easily recognized by arterial and jugular tracings or by electrocardiograms, it is not possible to interpret all the waves found in these records. The venous tracings may in general be placed in one of two classes: (a) those in which prominent systolic waves predominate or occur alone; and (b) those in which large or small diastolic waves occur occasionally, in groups, or in a continued series averaging 250 to 500 per minute. The prominent systolic waves have generally been attributed to tricuspid regurgitation, the inference being that tricuspid regurgitation is a common state in auricular fibrillation. The diastolic waves are so numerous and so many electrocardiograms show diastolic waves that it is impossible to account for them on the assumption that the auricle is in a dilated and finely fibrillating state. It has been suggested that in these instances a condition of coarse fibrillation, which is closely allied to auricular flutter, obtains. The systolic and diastolic waves of the venous pulse of twenty-five clinical cases of auricular fibrillation, recorded by photographic methods, were studied. Six types of systolic waves (Text-Fig. 1) were found: (1) an intensified impact wave, the most common and often the only characteristic feature, indicating vigorous ventricular action; (2) a peaked impact followed by a rapid systolic drop due to light pressure of the tambour; (3) the intra-auricular type of systolic variation, so called from its resemblance to intra-auricular pressure curves found in animals, occurring in clinical cases only when ventricular systole is weak; (4) double systolic waves, attributed to a systolic tug of the ventricle on the auricles and large veins; (5) a systolic impact followed by a stasis wave, present when intravenous pressure is high; (6) a regurgitation wave composed of a steep rise continued into a systolic plateau with murmur vibrations superimposed. Our study showed (1) that tricuspid regurgitation, as indicated by the presence of regurgitation waves, is a rare accompaniment of auricular fibrillation; and (2) that the contrary opinion, arrived at by the frequent presence in polygraph tracings of ventricular types of waves, is due to the fact that the contour of intensified impact waves is distorted by polygraph levers so that they simulate regurgitation waves. Recurrent diastolic waves were frequently present in our records. Their relative size depended, to a considerable extent, on the pressure of the tambour. There was no constant relation to similar waves in the recorded electrocardiogram, nor is it proven that they are indicative of a coarse type of fibrillation or an associated flutter.
There may be produced in rabbits by the intravenous injection of large doses of diphtheria toxin a vascular degeneration involving the entire aorta, the carotids to the base of the skull, the subclavians, and iliacs, and, for a varying distance distally, the brachials, femorals, and large abdominal vessels. The first part of the pulmonary artery is sometimes affected. The lesion is practically diffuse throughout the aorta and vessels mentioned, consisting of a fatty degeneration and necrosis of the smooth muscle in a wide zone of the media and a crowding together of the elastic fibers in the region affected, resulting in an irregular thinning of the vessel walls and many small aneurysmal pouchings. In rabbits which received pituitrin with the diphtheria toxin extensive calcification occurred throughout this degenerated zone, both in the aorta and other large vessels. It is believed, however, that pituitrin is not essential to the calcification and that if it is of any importance it is because an extreme fatty degeneration is produced more quickly in the media of the vessels when it is administered simultaneously with the toxin. Diphtheria toxin, given in large doses intravenously, produces in the kidneys of the rabbit a pronounced vascular and parenchymatous degeneration. The former consists of a swelling and desquamation of the endothelial cells of the arterioles and small veins with the formation of fibrinous thrombi, a necrosis and thrombosis of the capillaries of the tufts with hemorrhage and the formation of fibrinous and hyaline masses, and in some of the affected glomeruli considerable collections of polymorphonuclear leukocytes.
1. Accessory lobes of thymus, derived from the third pharyngeal pouch, occurring in close association with the parathyroids from the third pouch, were found in serial section of the cervical tissues of eleven out of fourteen guinea pigs, and probably would have been found in all fourteen but for a technical error. 2. It is probable, therefore, that accessory lobes of thymus having this situation and origin are usually, if not always, present in the guinea pig. 3. Additional accessory lobes of thymus belonging to, but at some distance from the main lobe were also present in several of the animals. 4. The discovery of these accessory lobes makes it certain that the guinea pig is unsuitable material for complete thymectomy, and probably complete extirpation of the thymus in this animal is rarely, if ever accomplished. 5. The extirpation experiments of previous investigators in the guinea pig must now be regarded as partial extirpations, and their results interpreted in that light. 6. Extirpation of the thymus in the guinea pig produced no changes in the writer's experiments. 7. The study of the serial sections of the cervical tissues of the guinea pig indicates that Ruben's statements regarding the parathyroid derived from the fourth pharyngeal pouch in the guinea pig are correct,-that it is much smaller than parathyroid III, may be rudimentary, and is sometimes absent at least on one side. 8. No accessory lobe of thymus was found accompanying the parathyroid from the fourth pouch, a finding also bearing out Ruben's statement that no thymus anlarge springs from the fourth pouch in the guinea pig.
1. The inconstant results of past observations on the relation of pituitary extracts to renal activity have been due chiefly to unsuitable methods. 2. A standard curve of artificially induced polyuria may be plotted for rabbits, giving 200 cc. of water by mouth. 3. Extracts of the pars intermedia and posterior lobe of the hypophysis, given by mouth, subcutaneously, or intravenously, are able definitely to check polyuria thus induced. Extracts of the anterior lobe show a similar effect, but only to a slight degree. 4. This antidiuretic effect is constant, and is independent of (a) changes in blood pressure, (b) intestinal absorption, and (c) the vagi. The effect is apparently prevented or delayed by division of the splanchnics, and is diminished by division of the renal nerves near the hilus. 5. A similar antidiuretic property is possessed: (a) by beta-imidazolylethylamine, (b) by p-oxyphenylethylamine, (c) by a preparation from Secale cornutum, (d) by small doses of nicotine, (e) by large doses of caffeine, and (f) by extracts of the adrenal cortex. 6. No effect on the polyuria is produced: (a) by strychnine (b) by morphine, (c) by adrenalin, or by extracts of (d) thyroid, (e) thymus, (f) pineal, (g) pancreas, or (h) corpora lutea. 7. In animals under chloral or paraldehyde anesthesia a short and inconstant initial increase in flow of urine is seen. 8. The antidiuretic effect is absent or only slightly marked in checking the so called salt diuresis.
By the tryptic digestion of cultures in vitro of avian and mammalian connective tissue, suspensions of individual, living cells have been obtained. Their ability to phagocyte carmine and bacteria has been tested. The great majority of them fail to take up either, but a few large cells are able to do so. They will ingest bacteria only when serum is present; that is, they require the interaction of opsonins. There is good reason to suppose that the phagocytic cells are endothelial in nature. Should they prove to be fibroblasts, like the other elements present, the fact will remain that the phagocytic power of fibroblasts is practically negligible. Their failure to ingest foreign matter in vivo is to be laid not to the obstacles offered by the solidity of the tissue they compose, but to an inherent lack of ability on their part. The phagocytosis of blood pigment, bacteria, etc., which takes place in granulation tissue in vivo is probably carried on wholly by endothelial cells and wandering cells.
With the clinical recognition, that different degrees of fibrillation occur and that these in turn are closely related to a coordinated type of auricular tachyrhythmia (flutter); further, that one type may lapse into another or into a perfectly normal rhythm, the conviction has grown that finer and coarser types of auricular movement may be recognized by the amplitude of the diastolic waves of the electrocardiogram and venous pulse. The present investigation into the cause of these waves has shown that this is not possible. There is no theoretical or experimental reason for the assumption that any fixed relation exists between the amplitude of the electrical variations of the electrocardiogram, which are the resultant of variations accompanying the irregularly spreading excitation wave, and the degree of mass contraction following. The large recurrent waves of the venous pulse, which may with more reason be regarded as related to the size of the auricular mechanical contractions on theoretical grounds, are also shown to be without differential value. The reasons for this may be briefly summarized. In the first place, the presence of diastolic waves is contingent upon a slow heart rate and long ventricular diastoles. With rapid heart rate their occurrence is prevented by the closely placed systolic variations. It is therefore conceivable that both coarse and fine fibrillation as well as flutter will be without diastolic waves as long as the heart is rapid. Even in the cases with long beats present their significance must remain doubtful. It is true that in the experiments the waves accompanying coarse fibrillation are as a rule somewhat larger than those occurring during fine fibrillation; waves of considerable size may, however, be present in fine fibrillation. Hence, as long as no calibrated method of recording is possible, it is difficult to draw any inference. It is possible from the same patient to record with the same apparatus diastolic waves of varying amplitude by merely changing the pressure of the receiving tambour. The chief reason that the amplitude of these waves cannot be regarded as of differential value is found in their origin. Fine fibrillating movements of the auricle do not in themselves produce waves in the jugular. They produce neither pressure variations in the auricle, nor exert any traction upon the veins. The only factor capable of producing jugular waves during fine fibrillation seems to be the traction exerted by the position changes of the ventricle on the auricle and large veins. This may, in a measure, explain why the diastolic waves recorded from the apex and second left interspace of patients often closely correspond with those simultaneously recorded from the jugular. The term "fibrillary waves" commonly applied to the smaller of these variations is evidently poorly chosen when their etiology is considered. The coarser contractions of the auricle during coarse fibrillation also produce no pressure changes within the auricle. They are vigorous enough at times, however, to exert a traction upon the venous walls. Hence, the waves during coarse fibrillation may be regarded as partly of ventricular and partly of auricular origin, or, as is frequently the case, as due to an interference of the two tractions. It is owing to their dual origin that they are more numerous and distinct when recorded from the same animal without changing the position or pressure of the receiving apparatus.
1. Since our first report on the discovery of the cause of rat-bite fever, we have been able to prove the existence of the same spirochete in five out of six more cases which have come under our observation. 2. The clinical symptoms of rat-bite fever are inflammation of the bitten parts, paroxysms of fever of the relapsing type, swelling of the lymph glands, and eruption of the skin, all occurring after an incubation period usually of from 10 to 22 days, or longer. 3. Our spirochete is present in the swollen local lesion of the skin and the enlarged lymph glands. But as the spirochetes are so few in number it is exceedingly difficult to discover them directly in material taken from patients. It is therefore better to inoculate the material into a mouse. In some cases the organism is found in the blood of the inoculated animal after a lapse of 5 to 14 days, or at the latest 4 weeks. 4. Generally speaking, the spirochetes present thick and short forms of about 2 to 5 micro and have flagella at both ends. Including the flagella, they measure 6 to 10 micro in length. Some forms in the cultures reach 12 to 19 micro excluding the flagella. The curves are regular, and the majority have one curve in 1 micro. Smaller ones are found in the blood and larger ones in the tissues. 5. The spirochetes stain easily. With Giemsa's stain they take a deep violet-red; they also stain with ordinary aniline dyes. The flagella, too, take Giemsa's stain. 6. The movements of our spirochetes are very rapid, resembling those of a vibrio, and distinguish them from all other kinds of spirochetes. When, however, the movements become a little sluggish, they begin to present movements characteristic of ordinary spirochetes. 7. For experimental purposes, mice, house rats, white rats, and monkeys are the most suitable animals. Monkeys have intermittent fever after infection, and spirochetes can be found in their blood, but they are not so numerous as in the blood of mice. Mice are the most suitable animals for these experiments, and they appear, as a rule, to escape fatal consequences. 8. The spirochete is markedly affected by salvarsan. 9. The organism is not present in the blood of all rats, and there is no relation between the species of the rat and the ratio of infection. We have never found the spirochete in healthy guinea pigs or mice. By permitting a rat infected with the spirochete to bite a guinea pig, the latter develops the disease. 10. We have succeeded in cultivating the spirochete in Shimamine's medium. 11. Among the spirochetes described in the literature or discovered in the blood of rats and mice, there may be some resembling our spirochete, but none of the descriptions agree with it fully. Hence we have named our organism Spirochaeta morsus muris and regard it as belonging to the Spironemacea (Gross) of the nature of treponema. 12. The spirochete can be detected in the bodies of patients. In seven cases out of eight, it disappears on recovery, only to reappear during the relapse. 13. The spirochete can be detected in about 3 per cent of house rats. These facts enable us to identify the cause of the disease. 14. There may be other causes than the spirochete for diseases following the bite of a rat. The cause, however, of rat-bite fever in the form most common in Japan is, we believe, the spirochete which we have described.
1. We have confirmed Ogata's results in experimental rat-bite fever caused by the bite of rats. 2. In our experiments with guinea pigs, swelling and congestion of the bitten parts, swelling of the subcutaneous lymph nodes, fever, and loss of weight were the typical symptoms. The progress of the fever was not so regular as in human cases, but we find records in the literature of patients who showed irregular fever types or were afebrile. The chief points that we noted in the anatomical view of the guinea pigs were swelling and congestion of the lymph gland system and acute changes in the adrenals and kidneys. 3. If an emulsion made from the lymph glands, cerebral substance, or the adrenals, or the heart's blood of a guinea pig of the original generation is inoculated subcutaneously or intraperitoneally into a fresh guinea pig, the animal invariably dies with the usual symptoms of fever and swelling of the lymph glands. The anatomical changes in this case were the same as those of the original guinea pig, except that the course was shorter and more regular. The same result was observed in further generations. No change was observed in pathogenicity, and in the guinea pigs of the original and further generations a species of spirochete as the causative agent was always observed. The incubation period in the original generation was from 1 to 2 weeks, and in further generations about 1 week. 4. When a mouse or white rat was inoculated, spirochetes always appeared in the peripheral blood, but no other symptoms developed. When peripheral blood drawn from a mouse thus treated was inoculated into a fresh mouse or a fresh white rat and peripheral blood drawn from the mouse and rat was inoculated into a fresh guinea pig, they all became infected and the guinea pigs always died. Thus we found that rats and mice are media but not victims of the disease, while guinea pigs are both media and victims of it. 5. In the rhesus monkey on which we made our experiment we witnessed a process similar to that of human rat-bite fever, and our spirochotes were observed in other animals into which blood drawn from the monkey was inoculated. 6. In the original animals spirochetes were seen chiefly toward the end of the process and the conditions as to the period previous to it are not yet clearly known. In further generations of all the animals we used, spirochetes were found in the peripheral blood 4 or 5 days after inoculation, and gradually multiplied until the greates number was reached about the 10th day after inoculation. They then began to decrease; yet spirochetes could be observed over 2 months later. 7. We have found spirochetes chiefly in the adrenals of the animals by Levaditi's method, but have not yet ascertained their distribution in other organs. 8. Our spirochete is short, round, and highly motile; it stains readily, and has few spirals. We have not yet observed an undulating membrane, but have seen what we believe to be flagellum at each end. 9. The identification of our spirochete with other species must be left for further study. The spirochete which Futaki, Takaki, Taniguchi, and Osumi found in two patients with rat-bite fever, seems to differ from ours in form. 10. Spirochetes disappear from the blood of the animals as a result of the injection of salvarsan, thus indicating that the spirochete is arsentropic.
We have shown in a series of 105 cases of pneumonia, 95 of which we have selected as available for statistical study, that digitalis given by mouth has an action on the heart. We have judged this action to be present because changes occurred in the auriculoventricular conduction time and in the form of the T wave of the electrocardiogram, just as they do in the non-febrile heart. This conclusion is strengthened by finding that the pulse rate in fibrillating and fluttering cases fell in the presence of fever, exactly as it does in non-febrile cases. The dose and the time required to produce these effects are given and are the same as in the non-febrile cases. When there was a difference in the amount necessary to produce one or the other of the changes, it was found that the T wave is more often and more readily affected than the conduction interval. We have shown that the intoxication due to pneumonia is probably not responsible for the changes found, both from a study of the statistics and because in the control cases reverse tendencies were often found (that is, decrease in conduction time and increase in the size of the T wave). We have shown that the method of selection in consequence of which we treated a large number of severe cases did not prejudice our results, because it could be demonstrated that the proximity of death, whether in control or treated cases, was not necessarily associated with the changes we are describing. We have also, by referring to the literature of the subject, brought evidence to show that heart muscle does not undergo those changes in pneumonia, as it does in other infectious diseases, which would lead one to expect changes in conduction found in other diseases. The changes in conduction which have been reported by others were almost entirely associated with the giving of digitalis.
We feel that the results obtained in the human case and in our animal experiments justify the supposition that magnesium sulphate may be of use in controlling cases of poisoning by strychnine. It is a method easily available not only in large hospitals but in private practice, and requires no elaborate technique. The amount of magnesium sulphate to be used should follow the advice of Meltzer (19) in tetanus cases: intraspinally 1 cc. of a 25 per cent solution to each 20 pounds of body weight in adults, and one-half the dose in young children. Should this not control the convulsions a small amount of ether may be used. In order to hasten the excretion of strychnine, 200 to 300 cc. of salt solution should be given intravenously.(6) In the event of the return of the convulsions, the intraspinal dose may be repeated, always taking precautions to keep the head elevated. Meltzer's apparatus for intrapharyngeal insufflation and a 2.5 per cent solution of calcium chloride should always be on hand in case of respiratory failure following an overdose of the magnesium salts (Meltzer (19)).
Summing up these results, we found that all the ten alpha-amino-acids used inhibited the growth of the cells and finally killed the cultures. This inhibition is preceded by a short period of activity. The typical effect on the cells is shown in Figs. 1 and 2. The first (Fig. 1) is a control culture showing the usual growth of cells and their typical spindle shape form. The second (Fig. 2) is a culture in plasma plus asparagine showing the cells rounded off and beginning to undergo dissolution. We do not wish to draw too extensive conclusions from these experiments, but we believe that toxicity of alpha-amino-acids towards growing cells has been shown beyond a reasonable doubt; while we have found that compounds of higher molecular weight, namely, the peptones of egg yolk and proteins, are non-toxic. This toxicity depends upon the concentration and the time that the cells are exposed to their action. As these factors are reduced, the toxicity is decreased. In this respect, these substances are similar to all cell poisons. Applying these results to the work done on the intravenous injection of digestion mixtures, we believe that we have found a reason for the death of the experimental animals when the hydrolyzed proteins were injected too rapidly. Buglia found that large amounts of alpha-amino-acids could be injected into the circulation without causing deep-seated changes in the renal and intestinal functions, provided they were injected slowly enough; in fact, that enough of these mixtures could be injected in this way to cover the nitrogen consumption of the body. This injection, however, was always accompanied by an alpha-amino excretion through the urine and an increase of the peristalsis, of the intestine, with resultant liquid stools. As is well known, a sudden great concentration of these substances in the blood of an animal causes death. These results agree with our findings Folin and Denis demonstrated the fact that alpha-amino-acids probably pass into the circulation through the intestines. Van Slyke and Meyer, by means of Van Slyke's nitrogen method, have practically proven this, and Abel, Rowntree, and Turner, and Abderhalden have lately succeeded in obtaining alpha-amino-acids in crystalline form from the blood. Van Slyke and Meyer have shown that the tissues take up alpha-amino-acids to a certain point, but that after this the limit of saturation is reached. This is not so in the liver, which continually desaturates itself by metabolizing the alpha-amino-acids that it has absorbed, and consequently maintains indefinitely its power of removing them from the circulation, as long as they enter it no faster than the liver can metabolize them. Marshall and Rowntree have shown that there is an increase of the alpha-amino-acid concentration in the blood after injuries to the liver, which have caused deep-seated anatomical changes. Our experiments prove that tissue cells in general are unable to live in the presence of any great concentration of these acids. At the present time we do not feel able to give an explanation of the significance of this evident toxicity. However, the fact in itself seems to indicate that we should expect stimulation from a certain increase of the alpha-amino-acid concentration in the body, or the concentration of any one of the acids, while a greater increase would lead to marked disturbances of the metabolism.
1. The resistance of erythrocytes of dogs to the hemolytic activity of cobra venom is increased after splenectomy. 2. This increased resistance was observed as early as 4 days after splenectomy and usually persisted for a period of about 3 weeks, when the resistance gradually decreased to normal or slightly beyond. 3. The decrease of resistance to the hemolytic activity of venom for the erythrocytes of splenectomized dogs following the primary increase is apparently coincident with the anemia following splenectomy. An intercurrent infection, such as distemper, tends to reduce the resistance of erythrocytes to venom. 4. An increased resistance of the erythrocytes to hypotonic salt solutions was found with all the splenectomized dogs in which these tests were made. Increased resistance to hypotonic salt solutions apparently persists for a longer period than the increased resistance to cobra venom. 5. As the lysis of erythrocytes by venom is dependent upon the presence of certain lipoidal substances within the cells, and as the spleen may exercise an influence over the lipoidal contents of corpuscles and serum, it is suggested that the increased resistance of erythrocytes to the hemolytic activity of venom after splenectomy is due to alterations in the lipoid content of the erythrocytes.
Horse serum, kept for 2 hours at 38 degrees C. in the presence of one-fifth its volume of a suspension of 0.5 per cent of pararabin inphysiological salt solution and then freed by means of centrifugalization and filtration from the pararabin produced when injected in appropriate doses into a normal rabbit, a considerable and prolonged fall of the blood pressure, a distinct retardation in the coagulation of the carotid blood, and sometimes, in addition, acceleration of the respiratory rate and the expulsion of numerous scybala; that is, the various symptoms observed to occur after the intravenous injection of horse serum in sero-anaphylactized rabbits. If the horse serum is first heated for 30 minutes to 56 degrees C. and then treated with pararabin in the manner described above, the intravenous injection of this serum into a normal rabbit exerts no more action on the arterial pressure, the coagulability of the arterial blood, the respiratory rate, and the intestinal activity, than does normal horse serum when introduced into the vein of a normal rabbit.
The intoxication which develops as the result of a simple obstruction or a closed intestinal loop is accompanied by definite changes in the coagulable proteins of the blood serum. These changes consist essentially in an alteration in the normal albumin-globulin ratio; the globulin fraction is greatly increased and at times the normal relation of the two fractions may show a complete inversion. The increase in the globulin content of the blood serum is most marked in the animals which show some of the complications met with in loop animals,-rupture of the loop and peritonitis. In the latter conditions especially, the globulin increase is rapid and large. We believe this reaction to be of diagnostic value in acute infections attended by the sudden liberation and absorption of a toxic exudate. Infections and intoxications produced by inflammatory irritants are also accompanied by a rise in the blood globulins. This observation suggests that tissue disintegration with absorption of toxic products is responsible for the changes noted, and that bacterial invasion is important only in as far as it gives rise to toxic substances. Animals which have developed a tolerance to proteose intoxication following the periodic injection of small doses of proteose do not show a globulin increase. These experiments do not support the view that the rise in globulins observed in these experimental conditions is an expression of a resistance or tolerance developed by the animal. From the experimental evidence it seems more probable that the alteration in the partition of the blood protein fractions is one of the results of the metabolic disturbance which has been shown to occur in these conditions.
Nomenclature. As mentioned above, the prosopon and the nymph of the tsutsugamushi have many characteristics which distinguish it from the other trombidia. These are the pale color and small size of the body, delicacy of the skin, the conspicuous constriction between the cephalothoracic region and the abdomen, rudimentary eyes and tracheal openings, absence of tracheal capillaries, etc. The fact that the thumb or the appendage of the palpus does not start from the side of the fourth joint of the latter but from its end, is another charac teristic which does not occur in other trombidia. From the biological point of view two facts should be mentioned; i.e., the adult female does not deposit eggs in heaps, and in contrast to those of other species, the larvaae hatch out all through the year and feed on mammals. From these characteristics running through all the stages of development, we believe that we are justified in claiming a new genus for the tsutsugamushi. We therefore propose to change the scientific name given to this mite by Brumpt in 1910, Trombidium akamushi, and to introduce instead, according to the suggestion of Drs. Goto and Watase, the name Leptotrombidium akamushi. Determinaton of Leptotrombidium akamushi, N. Sp. Prosopon and Nymph. 1. Pale color. 2. Delicacy of the skin. 3. Distinct constriction between the cephalothoracic region and the abdomen. 4. Rudimentary, sessile eyes. 5. Indistinctnes of tracheal openings. 6. Absence of tracheal capillaries. 7. Crista abruptly widened at the end. 8. One palpal claw. Larva. 1. One scutum. 2. Round pinacles. 3. Legs, six joints, not counting the coxa. 4. Haris on the coza: one each on Joints 1, 2, and 3. 5. Hairs on the scutum, including two tactile hairs, seven; one is in the median line. Specific Determination of Leptotrombidium akamushi, N. Sp. (Trombidium akamushi Brumpt, 1910). Prosopon. 1. Small size 2. Three pairs of sucking discs on the external genitalia. 3. Hairs of the body feathered, club-shaped at the end, and the colorless. 4. The appendage of the palpus tapes distinctly towards the end. Nymph. 1. The size of the body is smaller thant that of the prosopon. 2. Two pairs of sucking discs on the external genitalia. There are no other distinct differences in the external morphology between the proposon and the nymph. Larva. 1. The color of the body is orange-red, but becomes paler after sucking on mammals. 2. The hairs of the body average 110 to 120 in number. 3. One pair of double eyes. 4. The sucking tube is visible when feeding on mammals (Hayashi). 5. The salivary gland is relatively large (Kawamura and Komagata). 6. The number and arrangemetn of the hairs on the legs and mouth parts correspond to the description given by Hirst. 7. The larvae are found all through the year. 8. The larva is the carrier of tsutsugamushi disease in man.
1. A toxic constituent is present in the fresh pancreas of dogs before trypsinogen can have been activated. 2. The toxic fraction is present in the beta-nucleoprotein, and therefore is thermostable. 3. It is gradually destroyed by autolysis but can be obtained in concentrated form from a gland which has autolyzed 24 hours. 4. The toxic material is probably protein in nature. 5. Intravenous or intraperitoneal injection of from 0.05 to O.I gm. per kilo of body weight is usually fatal and elicits in dogs symptoms comparable to those of spontaneous hemorrhagic necrosis of the pancreas. 6. Dog pancreas differs from that of beef or pig in that guanylic acid and toxic protein combined with it are slowly broken down by autolysis. 7. After autolysis of dog pancreas the toxic protein and guanylic acid may be separated and obtained in relatively pure form.
1. A definite cycle exists in the mammary gland of the non-pregnant guinea pig which corresponds to the cycle in the ovary and uterus. This cycle can be presented through a curve in which the ordinates represent the degree of activity of the gland in a series of animals, and the abscissae the time since ovulation (period of sexual cycle). The curve passes through a first maximum at the time of heat and ovulation and gradually falls. The minimum is reached on the 6th day and continues until the 15th day after ovulation. Next begins the period when a new ovulation is imminent and the number of the proliferating glands again increases. We see. then that during the normal cycle the presence of well preserved, functioning corpora lutea does not lead to proliferation, neither do mature follicles have such an effect. On the other hand, the absence or degeneration of the corpora lutea is required to insure the proliferation of the mammary gland in the first period of the sexual cycle. If the sexual period is experimentally prolonged, we find in some instances proliferation, while in others it is absent. As far as we can determine at the present time, two factors seem to favor proliferation of the mammary gland under these conditions: (1) the presence of well preserved corpora lutea, particularly if they are associated with well preserved experimentally produced deciduornata, and (2) the imminence of a new period of heat. The connection between good corpora lutea and good deciduornata and the presence of proliferating mammary glands at this stage of the sexual cycle is, however, not absolute. There are cases in which a proliferating gland is associated with some degeneration of the corpus luteum. Or on the other hand a well preserved corpus luteum is associated with a non-proliferating gland. In some of the latter cases the simultaneous presence of a necrotic deciduorna may perhaps explain the lack of proliferation in the mammary gland. However, in the majority of cases we found the presence of good corpora lutea and good deciduomata associated with a proliferating mammary gland. Whether a living corpus luteum as such is able to produce proliferation of the gland is as yet doubtful. 2. Extirpation of the ovaries prevents not only the proliferation of the mammary gland associated with the first stage of the sexual cycle, the condition of heat and ovulation no longer taking place in castrated animals, but in all probability also inhibits the proliferation of the mammary gland which occurs under certain conditions towards the end of the sexual cycle, or in instances of experimentally prolonged sexual cycle in which well preserved corpora lutea and deciduornata are present. 3. In animals in which the ovaries were hypotypical, the mammary glands were in an inactive condition. The presence of hypotypical ovaries has the same influence on the mammary gland as castration. In the majority, but not in all of these cases well preserved corpora lutea were absent. 4. Complete extirpation of the corpora lutea seems directly or indirectly to prevent the secondary proliferation of the mammary gland, which occurs during the latter part of the sexual cycle or during an experimentally prolonged cycle, in cases in which the extirpation is not followed at once by a new ovulation. This conclusion we consider, however, merely as suggested, not yet as definitely established through our results. On the other hand, the primary proliferation of the mammary gland, during the first stage of the sexual cycle, as well as ovulation and the objective signs of heat, is accelerated through complete extirpation of the corpora lutea. Thus the effect of extirpation of the corpora lutea differs from the effect of castration, in that after the latter neither a new heat nor the primary proliferation of the mammary gland occurs. As one of the authors has pointed out previously, the absence of functioning corpora lutea and the presence of either well developed ovarian follicles or of mature follicles are necessary for the occurrence of heat and ovulation. The same conditions are prerequisites for the primary proliferation of the mammary gland. 5. In cases in which the whole or almost the whole uterus had been extirpated, the corpora lutea were well preserved and the mammary gland was proliferating.
1. In the pregnant guinea pig proliferation of the mammary gland becomes regular only at a later stage of pregnancy; namely, during the period following the 24th day of pregnancy. Previous to this period proliferation was absent in the majority of cases. Proliferation of the mammary gland during pregnancy becomes regular only at a period of time which exceeds the duration of the normal sexual cycle unaccompanied by pregnancy. It is probable that pregnancy as well as the presence of living deciduornata and corpora lutea increases the proliferative activity of the mammary gland as compared with the ordinary cycle in non-pregnant animals or in animals lacking corpora lutea and deciduornata. 2. After the completion of pregnancy and in the beginning of secretion some mitotic proliferation may still be present, but it soon ceases, probably as the result of those processes that lead to secretion. While during the period of secretion, notwithstanding the presence of a new pregnancy, mitotic proliferation soon ceases, some proliferative stimulus seems still to be active, which, however, under existing conditions apparently leads only to a mitotic multiplication of nuclei. The latter conclusion is only suggested at the present time and needs confirmation through further studies. 3. In cases in which abortion took place in the first half of pregnancy secretion in the gland was not established; secretion occurred in two animals aborting toward the latter part of pregnancy. In one of these cases, mitotic proliferation of some gland cells was associated with the microscopic appearances of secretion. 4. In guinea pigs castrated during an early period of pregnancy in which pregnancy continued for some time, proliferative changes were absent in the mammary gland. In conjunction with a partial similar effect observed after extirpation of the corpora lutea during pregnancy, we may perhaps attribute the lack of proliferation in some of these cases to the absence of the ovaries. 5. Extirpation of the corpora lutea during pregnancy induces a new ovulation and with it the primary proliferation in the mammary gland; abortion does not necessarily prevent these proliferative changes. Extirpation of the corpora lutea during pregnancy perhaps prevents the secondary proliferative changes in the mammary gland. 6. Five injections of cow's lutein given in relatively large quantities intraperitoneally do not produce proliferation of the mammary gland in the guinea pig.
The present investigation brought out the facts that the pupil of the cat is little affected by instillation of adrenalin, but shows, nevertheless, a greater responsiveness to adrenalin when given intravenously than does that of the rabbit, and that the duration of the dilatation effected by intravenous injection is, on the contrary, longer in the rabbit. In regard to the vasoconstricting effect of adrenalin when administered intravenously, it was found that the intensity as well as the duration of the rise of blood pressure was greater in the rabbit than in the cat.
1. Microscopical examination of sputum that has been washed with isotonic salt solution indicates its source. Sputum from above the vocal cords contains polygonal flat epithelial cells and numerous species of non-pathogenic microorganisms. Sputum from below the cords is clear of saprophytes, although it sometimes contains bronchoalveolar cuboidal cells. 2. The source of the sputum can be determined by the erythrocytes and the bacilli that are contained in it, and the site of the lesion can also be ascertained. 3. In every instance I found erythrocytes in the pulmonary sputum after severe pulmonary hemorrhage. 4. Six of the cases of laryngeal affection referred to in the presentpaper had had no subjective symptoms, but microscopical examination showed tubercle bacilli in the laryngeal sputum. All the six cases were examined by Dr. Tanaka and were found to have tuberculous lesions in the larynx. In the laryngeal sputum of most cases of laryngeal tuberculosis with symptoms, tubercle bacilli have been frequently demonstrated, while in some cases contaminated laryngeal sputum was obtained only after a long series of examinations. 5. Microscopical examination of the sputum plays a significant part in the diagnosis of tuberculosis.
Trichomonades from the mouth were studied by Steinberg who proposed to group them into three distinct types; namely, Trichomonas elongata, Trichomonas caudata, and Trichomonas flagellata. Doflein (3) regards them as probably identical with Trichomonas hominis. Opinions differ as to whether or not Trichomonas vaginalis Donné and Trichomonas hominis Grassi are the same species. Lynch, for instance, believes that they are the same species, while von Prowazek (4), Bensen (5), and others (6, 7) insist that they are different types. Bensen's view seems to be well supported by the difference alleged to be found between the mode of encystment in the two trichomonades, were it not for the fact that our knowledge about the so called cyst of trichomonades is still obscure. According to Alexeieff (8) many of the so called cysts were evidently blastomyces contained in the cell body of the trichomonas. An autogamy alleged to take place in cysts as described by Bohne and von Prowazek (9) has not been confirmed by Dobell (10). And Wenyon (11) contends that it has never been found possible to produce any development of these cysts outside the body on the warm stage as can be done with the cysts of Entamoeba coli. Therefore, it is still premature to take the process of encystment into consideration as far as the classification of trichomonas is concerned. On the other hand, Rodenwaldt (12) seems to think that there are many species of trichomonas in the human intestines, and Wenyon has described a new trichomonas from the human intestines (Macrostoma mesnili Wenyon). Further cultural studies in the morphology and biology of these organisms must be carried out in order to solve these problems. In the light of modern investigations there are five subgenera to be included under the genus Trichomonas Donné. They are as follows: (1) Protrichomonas Alexeieff, with three anterior flagella, without an undulating membrane. (2) Trichomastix Biitschli) with three anterior flagella and a trailing flagellum (Schleppgeissel) without an undulating membrane. (3) Trichomonas Donné, with three anterior flagella and an undulating membrane. (4) Macrostoma Alexeieff, Amend, Wenyon (11), with three anterior flagella and an undulating membrane wedged in a deep groove (peristome). (5) Tetratrichomonas Parisi (13), with four anterior flagella and an undulating membrane. As far as our culture trichomonas from the human mouth is concerned, it has been shown that it is not strictly a trichomonas and that it should be classed under the subgenus Tetratrichomonas.
1. The toxic effect of uranium when given in a constant quantity per kilo of body weight is variable. This variation has been constantly associated with differences in the age of the animals. Uranium is more toxic for an old animal than for a young animal. The establishment of this fact, namely, that the age of an animal may modify the toxicity of a substance, should be taken into account in establishing by animal experiment the degree of activity of substances which are to be used for therapeutic purposes. 2. The toxic effect of uranium nitrate is constantly associated with its ability to induce a tissue acidosis. A severer grade of acidosis is induced in an old animal from uranium than is induced in a young animal. It would appear that in the response of dogs of different ages to uranium the animals represent a reaction system to this substance which shows an increasing susceptibility as the animal advances from youth to senility. Insufficient experimental data are as yet available to allow a discussion of the mechanism by which such an acid intoxication is produced. 3. The toxic effect of uranium is manifested locally by certain degenerative changes in the kidney. These changes are more marked in the kidney of an old animal than they are in the kidney of a young animal. Associated with the severer kidney changes which are especially characterized by a beginning swelling of the renal epithelium and by an accumulation of stainable fat in these cells is the development of a severe grade of tissue acidosis. 4. The functional capacity of the kidney shows a parallel with the degree of acid intoxication and with the severity of the histological changes which have developed in the renal epithelium.
Five cultures of Bacillus welchii have been studied and compared Four came from infected wounds in the western theatre of war, and one was obtained from a personal article of clothing. Each culture possesses the essential characteristics ascribed to that group of bacteria. The infectious processes caused by the five cultures in rabbits, guinea pigs, and pigeons, are local in character; and very few or no bacilli enter or are found in the general blood stream during life or immediately after death. Glucose broth cultures, injected intravenously, are fatal to rabbits. Death occurs, almost immediately or after a few hours. Agglutinative bacterial emboli have been ruled out as the cause of death, as has been an acid intoxication. The fluid part of the culture acts in the same manner as the full culture and irrespective of neutralization with sodium hydroxide. The full cultures and supernatant fluid are hemolytic when injected directly into the circulation of rabbits and pigeons, and the acute death produced may be ascribed to a massive destruction of red corpuscles. The passage of the fluid portion of glucose broth cultures through Berkefeld filters reduces materially the hemolytic and poisonous effects. Cultures of the Welch bacilli in plain broth to which sterile pigeon or rabbit muscle is added are highly toxic, and the toxicity is not noticeably diminished by Berkefeld filtration. The filtrates are hemolytic when injected intravenously and inflaming and necrotizing when injected subcutaneously and intramuscularly. The local lesions produced in the breast muscles of the pigeon closely resemble those caused by infection with the bacilli. The toxicity of these filtrates is not affected by neutralization with sodium hydroxide, but is materially reduced by heating to 62 degrees C. and entirely removed by heating to 70 degrees C. for 30 minutes. Successive injections of carefully graded doses of this toxic filtrate in pigeons and rabbits give rise to active immunity. The blood taken from the immunized rabbits is capable of neutralizing the toxic filtrate in vivo and in vitro. The filtrate has therefore been designated as toxin and the immune serum as antitoxin. The antitoxin neutralizes the toxin in multiple proportions. Hence the latter would seem to possess the properties of an exotoxin. Moreover, it neutralizes the hemolytic as well as the locally .injurious toxic constituent. Antitoxic serum prepared from a given culture of Bacillus welchii is neutralizing for the toxins yielded by the other four cultures of that microorganism. The antitoxin is protective and curative against infection with the spore and the vegetative stages of Bacillus welchii in pigeons. The limits of the protective and curative action are now under investigation.
The outline which has been given of the relative toxicity of Gréhant's anesthetic in normal animals, in animals that were nephropathic from uranium and protected against the anesthetic by an alkaline solution, and in those animals which were unprotected by such a solution, furnishes the basis for the following summary. The kidney of the normal dog is relatively non-susceptible to the toxic action of Gréhant's anesthetic. The kidneys have failed to show any change in their histological structure during the period of anesthesia. These animals have remained diuretic during the period of anesthesia and have responded to diuretics such as theobromine, pituitrin, and solutions of urea and sodium chloride. Normal animals anesthetized with Gréhant's mixture for 1(1/2) hours usually show at the end of the experiment either no change, or only a slight variation from the normal, in the hydrogen ion content of the blood, the alkali reserve of the blood, and in the tension of carbon dioxide. In several normal dogs which were over 4 years of age, by the end of an anesthesia of such a duration the animals have shown a reduction in the alkali reserve of the blood and also a decrease from the normal in the carbon dioxide tension of alveolar air. From this observation it would appear that even in a normal animal Gréhant's anesthetic tends to induce an acid intoxication, and as was the case with normal animals which were being intoxicated by uranium, such an intoxication is more readily induced in an old animal than in a young one. The nephropathic animals which have been anesthetized by Gréhant's anesthetic and in which an attempt has been made to protect these animals against the toxic effect of the anesthetic by the use of asolution of sodium carbonate fall into two clear-cut groups. Those animals of the series not over 1(1/2) years old have shown at the end of the uranium intoxication and prior to the use of the anesthetic a less severe acid intoxication than have the animals of the series which were over 1(1/2) years old. In this younger group of animals the intravenous injection of a 3 per cent solution of sodium carbonate immediately before the animals were anesthetized has succeeded in protecting these animals against the toxic action of the anesthetic. During the following 1(1/2) hours of anesthetization these animals have not developed a severe grade of acid intoxication, and in several of the animals at the end of the experiment the alkali reserve of the blood was in excess of what it was at the end of the uranium intoxication and before an anesthetic was administered. Animals of this protected group have remained diuretic throughout the experiment and have shown an active diuresis from pituitrin, theobromine, and solutions of urea and sodium chloride. The kidneys of such animals have shown histologically a normal vascular tissue, a convoluted tubule epithelium which gave the appearance of being hyperactive, and only occasionally were tubules encountered which showed signs of an early epithelial degeneration. The nephropathic animals of the series in which a solution of sodium carbonate failed to afford any protection against Gréhant's anesthetic were animals over 1(1/2) years old in which the uranium intoxication had resulted in a severer grade of add intoxication than in the younger animals. When these older animals were given intravenously the carbonate solution and were anesthetized, it was found impossible to increase the alkali reserve of the blood to the same extent as was possible in the younger animals. Furthermore, the alkaline solution during the period of anesthesia is rapidly used up so that by the termination of these experiments the animals may have an alkali reserve of the blood which may be even lower than was the alkali reserve before the use of the carbonate. These animals have remained completely anuric throughout the experiments and have shown no diuretic effect from those diuretics which in the animals that were successfully protected by the carbonate induced free diuresis. The kidneys of these anuric animals show no degenerative changes in the glomerular vessels. The capillaries are not distended with blood as has been the case with the diuretic group. The epithelium of the convoluted tubules is acutely swollen. The swelling has frequently taken place to such an extent that the lumen of the tubules has become obliterated. The nephropathic animals of the series which served as control animals and which were given a solution of sodium chloride equimolecular with the carbonate solution, following Gréhant's anesthetic became completely anuric. The sodium chloride solution furnished no protection against the anesthetic. The animals of all ages became anuric and unresponsive to the diuretic substances which have been used during this study. With the establishment of a state of anuria in these control animals the hydrogen ion content of the blood has increased, the alkali reserve of the blood has been rapidly depleted, and associated with this change the carbon dioxide tension has been reduced. The rapidity with which these changes develop and the degree of acid intoxication which is induced is more marked in these animals than in any of the other series. The kidneys of the control animals show the severest grade of degeneration of any of the nephropathic animals. The epithelium of the convoluted tubules is not only severely swollen but the cells frequently show necrosis. The loops of Henle contain more stainable fat than has been demonstrated in the kidneys of the carbonate animals.
A valve is described for the control of ether vapor for anesthesia which regulates the mixture of ether vapor from a Woulfe bottle with air in any proportion, without changing the volume or the pressure at which the mixture is delivered. The regulation of the air stream both to and from the ether bottle controls the mixture accurately and is an essential feature of the valve. Except for experimental purposes, it is not considered profitable to determine on an arbitrary scale the tension of the ether vapor obtained, because the depth of the anesthesia should always be judged by the condition of the subject. The valve was devised for the Meltzer-Auer method of intratracheal insufflation, but it is adapted for use wherever a constant mixture of air and ether vapor is desired. Several respiration machines for supplying and interrupting the air stream, using this constant volume valve for the regulation of the ether supply, have been in use in Dr. Meltzer's laboratory for periods up to 2 years, and the simplicity and efficiency of the valve have been thoroughly tested. A description of the complete machine will be published later.
1. Culex pipiens raised from the larval stage in water experimentally contaminated with an abundance of poliomyelitic virus were found to be incapable of causing the infection when allowed in large numbers to bite normal Macacus monkeys. 2. Culex pipiens which were fed on infected poloimyelitic monkeys during different stages of the disease were found to be incapable of transmitting the infection when allowed in large numbers to bite normal Macacus monkeys. A previous disturbance of the meninges by an injection of horse serum into the intrathecal space did not alter the result, which was negative. 3. The offspring of the mosquitoes which were either reared in the infected tanks or fed on infected monkeys were found to be entirely harmless when allowed to feed in large numbers on a normal monkey. There was no hereditary transmission of the virus from one generation to another. 4. No trace of the virus of poliomyelitis was demonstrable in the filtrate of an emulsion of adult flies and pupae of the common housefly and bluebottle fly which were reared in the laboratory on slices, emulsion, or filtrate of monkey brain containing the poliomyelitic virus. The intracerebral injection of the filtrate produced no poliomyelitic infection in the normal monkey.
1. Anaerobic methods have been devised which depend upon the catalytic action of platinized asbestos upon hydrogen and oxygen. 2. The methods may be utilized for the growth of anaerobes in test-tubes, upon Blake bottles, in flasks, and in a large container. 3. Because oxygen is so completely removed, the methods are of great value in the successful cultivation of absolute anaerobes.
The determination of pneumococcus types in lobar pneumonia is of value in the field of prognosis and as a prerequisite for specific serum therapy. The method for the determination of types should be as rapid as possible and a standard technique should be employed. The most satisfactory method is by the intraperitoneal inoculation of a mouse with the patient's sputum, by which means a rapid and abundant growth of the pneumococcus is obtained and secondary organisms are rapidly eliminated in most instances. The diagnosis of type is made directly on the peritoneal exudate. Certain factors in the method commonly used have interfered with the rapid determination of types in an appreciable number of cases, notably the growth of other organisms in the peritoneal exudate together with the pneumococcus, and some confusion has arisen because occasional strains of pneumococci have been encountered that show cross agglutination reactions when undiluted immune serum is used. Such reactions have been shown to be due to a limited zone of non-specific immunity and they in no way invalidate the classification of the pneumococci into sharply defined immunological groups. The optimum dilutions of serum have been determined that will agglutinate all type strains of pneumococci and fail to cause any cross agglutination reactions when mixed with equal amounts of pneumococcus cultures and incubated for I hour at 37 degrees C. They are a 1:20 dilution of Serum I, a 1:20 dilution of Seruifa II, and a 1:5 dilution of Serum III. For the diagnosis of Subgroup II pneumococci undiluted Type II serum is required. To obviate the other difficulties of the method commonly used a new method for the determination of types has been devised. It depends upon the fact that there is produced by the growth of the pneumococcus a soluble substance which is present in the peritoneal exudate of the mouse in sufficient quantity to give a specific precipitin reaction with the homologous immune serum. The precipitin method can be used in all instances in which the determination of types by the agglutination method is possible, and it possesses certain distinct advantages which make it available when the agglutination method is impracticable. It is of particular value as a time-saving device in those instances where the presence of other organisms together with the pneumococcus in the peritoneal exudate causes a delay of 18 hours or more before the type of pneumococcus can be definitely established. It is therefore recommended as the method of choice in all cases. If desired, both the agglutination and precipitin methods may be applied to the same specimen of peritoneal washings.
Of twenty infected cases treated with Dakin's solution or chloramine paste, seven were bacteriologically sterile. This proves that, in general, 35 per cent of the cases thus treated become bacteriologically aseptic. This degree of asepsis is not necessary in order to suture the wound, the absence of bacteria in films being sufficient. Complete sterilization of wounds, can, therefore, now be accomplished.
Dakin's toluene sodium p-sulfochloramide, mixed with sodium stearate, forms a paste sufficiently active and stable to be used in the treatment of wounds.
Sodium stearate has no effect upon the bacteriological condition of a wound, but the addition of 4 parts per 1,000 of chloramine-T renders it antiseptic. Experiment I enabled us to compare the action of sodium stearate alone with that of sodium stearate containing 4 parts per 1,000 of chloramine-T. Wounds which had been previously sterilized could be maintained in an aseptic condition by 4 parts per 1,000 of chloramine-T, although in some cases reinfection occurred (Experiments 2, 3, and 5). For this reason the concentration of chloramine-T was increased. Surface wounds, deep-seated wounds, and osseous cavities, which had previously been either completely or almost completely sterilized, could be maintained for days and even weeks in a condition of surgical asepsis by the use of a paste containing 7 and 10 parts per 1,000 of chloramine-T. Experiments 7, 8, 9, 10, and 12 are examples of this. Slightly infected wounds (Experiments 9, II, and 12) were sterilized in the same manner. Next, it was attempted to sterilize wounds which were suppurating and more or less infected, and in some cases accompanied by fracture. This attempt was probably successful because the wounds used for the experiments showed but slight quantities of secretions and only a shallow layer of necrotic tissue. It is useless to attempt to sterilize severely infected wounds with a paste, for the volume of chloramine-T that can be applied is too limited. A large volume of an active substance is required to sterilize a wound which secretes great quantities of pus, for owing, on the one hand, to the dilution of this substance with the secretions, and, on the other, to its combination with the proteins contained in the pus, the concentration of the antiseptic is rapidly diminished. For these reasons it is essential that the antiseptic solution should be constantly renewed, so that the concentration may be sufficiently strong to effect the destruction of the bacteria. Therefore, the chloramine-T paste cannot sterilize a severely infected wound. The concentration of the active substance contained in a paste must at the same time be sufficiently weak to be innocuous to the tissues. We have seen that it should not exceed 15 parts per 1,000. Thus, it is evident that if the secretions from the wounds are abundant, the substance could exert its action upon the microorganisms for the space of only a few hours. For this reason the chloramine paste should only be applied under the conditions specified in our experiments; that is, in connection with moderately infected wounds which have been carefully washed with sodium oleate, and possess but slight quantities of secretion. Under these conditions, the chloramine paste effects the complete disappearance of the bacteria and maintains the sterility thus secured for as long a time as may be wished. If the technique followed in the dressing is not exactly as above described, reinfection will occur. If applied in this manner the chloramine paste is not injurious to the tissues, for the cicatrization curves of the wounds thus treated show but slight modification from the calculated curves. Chloramine paste makes it possible, therefore, to keep wounds sufficiently free from microorganisms so that the effect of substances which are believed to influence cicatrization can be studied.
1. Diphtheria toxin of known strength, injected intravenously into rabbits in single doses, produces lesions which are first evident in the endothelium of the tufts, and possibly in the intertubular capillaries. 2. The lesions of greatest severity with medium doses are also found in the tufts. 3. Evidence is presented to show that epithelial damage in the tufts and especially in the tubules is secondary to the vascular injury. 4. The severity of the lesions was roughly proportional to the amount of toxin injected. Hemorrhages did not occur with doses of less than 0.0023 cc. of toxin per kilo of body weight and were not extensive with doses of less than 0.004 cc. per kilo. 5. It is suggested that the localization of lesions in the tufts is due to the concentration of toxin in the blood that follows the loss of water at this point. 6. It is further suggested that this inference may be extended to explain the pathogenesis of the so called intracapillary form of glomerulonephritis.
1. Rabbits in which a mild grade of glomerular damage has been produced by small doses of diphtheria toxin develop a severe glomerulonephritis corresponding to the extracapillary form described by Volhard and Fahr after inoculations with sublethal quantities of Bacillus coli. 2. Similar, though not completely identical lesions are produced when diphtheria toxin is followed by intravenous injections of Vaughan's split protein (poisonous part) of Bacillus coli. 3. The inference is drawn that under the experimental conditions described Bacillus coli undergoes bacteriolysis and produces glomerular lesions through the toxic groups contained within its protein molecule.
The work of previous investigators gives the impression that it is easy to produce sera which both in vitro and upon injection are leukotoxic. At the same time the specificity of these leukotoxic sera for the particular type of cell used as antigen, and even for leukocytes in general, has been doubtful. The methods used have made certain possible factors of error unavoidable. Even careful washing of an organ or suspension cannot render it wholly blood-free, so that it is not surprising that the sera should be moderately hemolytic and hemagglutinative. Pearce has shown that the injection of very small amounts of blood is sufficient to evoke the production of immune hemolysins. When such sera are injected the lesions, as Pearce states, may be due in part to the production of hemagglutinative thrombi, although this hardly seems to apply to the changes in lymphoid tissue described by Flexner. On the other hand, the lymphotoxic effect of hemolytic sera may be due to the lymphocytes injected with the red cells. Our own experiments indicate that the lymphotoxic and agglutinative factors are to a considerable degree distinct from the hemolytic and hemagglutinative ones, since they can be separated from one another by absorption. Further evidence is presented that the small thymus cells are biologically related to, if not identical with the lymphocytes derived from lymph glands.
1. Urea retention, in the sense of a relatively increased concentration in the blood, is the result of increased resistance to the excretion of urea through the kidneys. 2. The relatively increased concentration of urea in the blood overcomes the increased resistance to excretion, and the organism is thereby maintained in nitrogenous equilibrium. 3. The laws formulated by Ambard for the excretion of urea apply in the condition of urea retention under a widely varying range of conditions, as to nitrogen intake and excretion. 4. The numerical value of Ambard's constant changes in urea retention, but the relation of the variable factors to one another remains otherwise unchanged. 5. In certain individuals, with otherwise normal findings in regard to urea excretion, an unusual degree of constancy, to which we have applied the term fixation, has been found in the numerical results obtained by the application of Ambard's laws. These individuals are regarded, as the result of this study, as probably abnormal, but the pathological significance of the fixation has not been determined.
The intratracheal injection of one moderate dose of adrenalin in rabbits whose vagi are divided produces a marked pulmonary edema in a large percentage of cases. The same dose in normal animals causes only slight effects. Artificial respiration greatly reduces the production of pulmonary edema in vagotomized rabbits after adrenalin. As adrenalin can exert a bronchoconstrictor effect, evidence is submitted to show that the aspirating action of the lung alveoli under this condition apparently plays an important part in the production of adrenalin pulmonary edema. On the basis of this mechanism the protective action of artificial respiration is explained. Stenosis of the trachea facilitates. the production of adrenalin pulmonary edema in rabbits whose vagi are intact. The intratracheal injection of adrenalin in vagotomized rabbits produces a temporary incoordination between the heart ventricles, visible on inspection, so that the left ventricle beats apparently half as fast as the right, causing hyperemia of the lungs and hemorrhages. Atropine injected intratracheally in vagotomized rabbits exerts a protective action against adrenalin pulmonary edema.
With the purpose of determining whether a diminished activity of the bone marrow could be brought about experimentally, plethora was produced in rabbits by means of repeated small transfusions of blood. Counts of the number of reticulated red cells in the circulating blood were made during the course of the experiments as an index to changes in the activity of the bone marrow. With the development of plethora, the number of reticulated cells in the blood decreased. In the majority of the plethoric animals, this diminution was extreme, and in some instances, reticulated cells practically disappeared from the blood. A comparison of the red bone marrow of these animals with that of normal controls revealed a marked reduction in the content of reticulated cells. After a number of transfusions, there occurred in some of the plethoric rabbits a sudden and marked drop in hemoglobin. The hemoglobin continued to fall until a severe grade of anemia was reached. This was followed by an extremely rapid regeneration accompanied by a striking rise in color index. During regeneration, the reticulated cells were enormously increased in number. Taken together, these facts show that the bone marrow is markedly influenced by plethora. The diminished number of reticulated cells observed, both in the circulating blood and in the marrow, would make it appear that a decided decrease in blood production occurs. The reduction in the number of these cells cannot be due to changes in the constitution of the red cells put out by the bone marrow, as a result of an increased quantity of hemoglobin in the body, because during regeneration from the above mentioned anemia, when the color index was very high, reticulated cells were still present in large numbers. That the activity of the bone marrow does actually diminish during plethora is further evidenced by the occurrence of the anemia. The most reasonable explanation of this phenomenon is that the recipient develops an immunity against the blood of the donors, which results in the destruction of the strange cells that are in circulation. In keeping with this conception is the appearance of isoagglutinins for the donors' red cells in the blood of the recipient, at about the time of the beginning fall in hemoglobin. The occurrence of anemia as a result of the destruction of the alien blood only would seem to be due to the circumstance that, during the period of plethora, blood production is greatly diminished; as a consequence, the blood cells proper to the recipient are gradually reduced in number and replaced by alien cells until the latter come to constitute the bulk of the animal's blood. In those rabbits developing anemia, the initial drop of hemoglobin from the plethoric level to the normal was constantly accompanied by a marked rise in the number of reticulated cells. This brought up a subsidiary problem for study. With the idea that the stimulation of the bone marrow might be due to the presence of an increased quantity of broken down blood, rabbits, were injected intravenously with large amounts of laked blood cells. The procedure had no evident effect on the blood picture. It was then found that simple blood removal from a plethoric animal which brought back the hemoglobin to the normal level, or even to a point somewhat above, sufficed to cause a marked increase in the number of reticulated cells. Although these findings are not conclusive, they suggest an explanation for the increased bone marrow activity accompanying the initial drop of hemoglobin in the plethoric rabbits; namely, that the organism had in some way adapted itself during the period of plethora to the presence of a greater amount of blood and that the result of blood loss in such an organism was a relative but not absolute anemia. The finding that the activity of the bone marrow can be depressed by the introduction of a large quantity of blood into the circulation accounts for the diminished bone marrow activity which sometimes occurs after transfusion in pernicious anemia. In such cases there is a marked drop in the number of reticulated cells and other evidence of bone marrow depression; the patient shows no benefit from transfusion or may grow rapidly worse. The cause of this depression is best explained on the basis that in severe instances of the disease where exhaustion of the bone marrow is imminent, the stimulus of the anemia is only just sufficient to keep the marrow functioning. A sudden lowering of this stimulus is brought about by the introduction of a large quantity of blood into the circulation, and the result is a fall in the activity of the bone marrow. It follows from this that in pernicious anemia with a feebly reacting bone marrow as indicated by the number of reticulated red cells, small transfusions are preferable to large ones.
The experiments reported above give evidence that in unresolved lobar pneumonia, the persistence of the exudate, followed by organization, depends upon the presence of serum in the exudate.
1. The growth .energy of the granulosa cells in the ovarian follicles of normal guinea pig ovaries varies with the size of the follcle, and follows a definite growth curve. The growth energy in small follicles is relatively low, then a gradual rise takes place with increase in size of the follicle up to a maximum which is reached when the follicle attains medium size. This ascending part of the curve is followed by a gradual fall in growth energy until in large follicles the proliferative power has fallen almost to the level of small follicles. Synchronously with maturity of the follicles there is an abrupt fall in growth energy to near the zero point. 2. There is a distinct localization of mitoses in the follicle. The large majority of mitoses is found in the perioval part. With increase in the growth energy which characterizes medium follicles, there is an increase in the proliferative power of the cells more distal to the egg, but still near the egg. We may therefore conclude on the basis of our observations and on the previous observations of Loeb, that the egg exerts a stimulus, which causes proliferation of the granulosa cells. 3. Under pathological conditions certain changes occur in the growth energy of the follicle: (a) Granulosa degeneration causes in the living cells a diminution in the proliferative power which is proportionate to the extent of the degeneration. (b) Hypotypical follicles have approximately the same or only slightly diminished proliferative power as normal ones, and thus their failure to grow is essentially due to disintegration of the granulosa cells.
The age incidence of focal tuberculous lesions of the lungs demonstrates that they have their origin in most instances in childhood. Focal lesions which heal have been found at all ages after the 2nd year of life, but in more than half of all individuals these lesions are acquired between the ages of 10 and 18 years. In the period between 18 and 30 years at least 85 per cent of all individuals have 'acquired focal tuberculous lesions. The occurrence of tuberculous infection in the lungs, in regional lymphatic nodes, or in some other organs of the body such as the gastrointestinal tract and its lymphatic system, is nearly universal but doubtless a few individuals escape. That focal tuberculous lesions of the lung are occasionally acquired during adult life is shown by the slight increase in the proportion of those with these lesions as age increases from 18 years to old age. Apical lesions of the lung make their appearance in later childhood and occur with increasing frequency from adolescence to old age (50 per cent). After the 2nd year of life focal tuberculous lesions occurring in situations other than the apices of the lungs tend to heal and after the 10th year focal lesions are almost invariably encapsulated and latent or healed. Fatal tuberculosis after the 10th year is with few exceptions apical in origin. The apices are not only more susceptible to infection in later life but once infected afford less resistance to the extension of the lesion. The present series of cases has furnished opportunity to observe the character of the apical lesion in lungs of individuals previously infected with tuberculosis. With one exception the apical lesion (in eight instances) has pursued a chronic course and, encapsulated by fibrous tissue, has remained limited to the extreme apex of the lung. In one instance in a woman with advanced malignant disease chronic pulmonary tuberculosis has been progressive. Tuberculosis of the apices in those who have previously acquired a focal tuberculous lesion has pursued a chronic course and in most instances has remained latent or has completely healed. A very small group of instances of fatal pulmonary tuberculosis suggests that apical lesions in those who have not undergone previous infection may assume an unusually severe character. One instance of apical tuberculosis unaccompanied by focal lesions and followed by tuberculosis of the thoracic duct and disseminated miliary tuberculosis has been especially significant. Apical tuberculosis unaccompanied by evidence of preexisting tuberculosis may be accompanied by tuberculosis of the regional lymphatic nodes, whereas apical tuberculosis in an individual with a preexistent focal tuberculous lesion is not followed by tuberculosis of adjacent lymphatic nodes. It is well known that tuberculosis in previously uninfected animals is followed by tuberculosis of adjacent lymphatic nodes, whereas a second infection fails to implicate the regional lymphatic nodes. This relation has been well illustrated by the lungs of a monkey which acquired in confinement acute tuberculous pneumonia limited to the left lung; the lymphatic nodes on this side were greatly enlarged and caseous. The following observations indicate that apical tuberculosis of adults is not the result of infantile tuberculosis but is caused by subsequent infection: (a) Apical tuberculosis does not have its highest incidence, in accordance with common belief, in early adult life when focal infections acquired in childhood are relatively fresh and active but is more common in later life when the focal lesions of childhood have in most instances completely healed. It is noteworthy that most of these apical lesions of later life pursue a chronic course and are discovered at autopsy in individuals who have died from other causes. (b) The well characterized lesions of tuberculosis acquired in childhood and found in adults with apical lesions are almost invariably calcified and healed. The apical lesion is in most instances relatively fresh and caseous whereas the focal pulmonary lesion and associated lesions of regional lymphatic nodes exhibit no evidence of activity. (c) In a large proportion of instances of associated focal and apical tuberculosis the focal lesion is in one lung, whereas the apical lesion is limited to the opposite apex. This relation affords no support to the view that tuberculous lesions may be transmitted to the apex by way of the lymphatics.
In the study of the action of non-antiseptic substances on the rate of cicatrization, the chief obstacle encountered is the facility with which wounds become reinfected under an aseptic dressing. At the beginning of Experiment 1 the wound was sterile. It was subjected to flushing with distilled water for 2 hours, then to flushing with 30 per cent sodium chloride solution for another 2 hours. During that time no special precaution was taken to sterilize the wound and the dressing was left intact until the following morning. It was then found that the wound contained from 30 to 50 bacteria per field. The following day, after the wound had been subjected to the same treatment, the number of bacteria had increased to 50 and 100 per field, and as an immediate consequence the surface of the wound increased from 12 to 12.6 sq. cm. in 2 days. The wound was then dressed antiseptically and was found to be sterile 3 days later. Reinfection again took place the following day in spite of antiseptic dressing with chloramine paste 4 parts per 1,000, which was applied for 20 hours. In Experiment 2 similar results were observed. After 2 days of flushing with distilled water, the number of bacteria had increased to 50 per field. The wound was thereupon sterilized, but new reinfection ensued a few days later. Another wound on the same patient became reinfected under the same conditions after 1 day of sterile dressing. In none of the patients could the wounds be kept in a sterile condition throughout the whole experiment. It was impossible to maintain the sterility of a wound under aseptic dressing. Dakin's solution was therefore injected every 4 hours, or less often, according to the degree of infection, or chloramine paste was applied during the night. If there were 3 or 4 bacteria per field, the experiment was discontinued in order that the wound might be sterilized again. The cicatrization and bacteriological curves of Experiment 4 show that by the application of chloramine paste a wound may be maintained in an appropriately bacteriological condition for carrying out an experiment. Nevertheless, in spite of the antiseptic precautions taken, it was necessary to interrupt this experiment on two occasions, on December 13 to 15 and on December 18 to 22, in order that a complete sterilization of the wound might be effected. When the sterilization was performed as soon as the bacteria were discovered, little retardation occurred in the process of cicatrization. Moreover, the reinfection from the skin was often due to fine bacilli which have but mild retarding action on the rate of healing. The use of at least six flushings in 2 hours with Dakin's solution or of 12 hours' dressing with chloramine paste 10 parts per 1,000, was necessary to keep the wound in a condition of surgical asepsis. The action of distilled water was studied in Experiments 1, 2, and 3. In Experiment 1 the wound was subjected to flushing with distilled water first for 2 hours, then 4 hours, and later for 8 hours per day. The wound was maintained in a condition of mild infection. No marked modification, either acceleration or retardation, was noted in the rate of repair during the period that the treatment was applied. From November 21 to 25 the wound was almost clean and the observed curve remained parallel to the calculated curve, showing that distilled water did not retard the rate of healing. In Experiment 2 the wound was subjected to uninterrupted flushing with distilled water, first for 2 and 8 hours, then for 24 hours. It was continued from November 24 to 30; viz., for 112 hours out of 120, without the occurrence of any marked modification of the course of healing. The bacteriological curve showed that from November 22 to 27 inclusive the wound was kept aseptic. The slight retardation which occurred afterwards was probably brought about by the infection. In Experiment 3 the wound was subjected to flushing with distilled water, first for 2, then for 4, 6, and 8 hours, a total of 20 hours in 4 days. From November 21 to 24 the wound remained surgically aseptic. No modification in the rate of healing occurred. The action of the hypertonic sodium chloride solution was studied in a similar way. In Experiment 4 the wound was flushed at first with 40 per cent sodium chloride solution, from December 4 to 9 for 12 hours a day, and from December 10 to 13 for 24 hours a day, making a total of 144 hours out of 240 hours. At the end of this time the surface area of the wound coincided exactly with the calculated area. Owing to reinfection the experiment was suspended. From December 24 to 29 the wound was kept in contact with 50 per cent sodium chloride solution for 54 hours, and after December 30 flushing with 80 per cent solution for 24 hours a day was resorted to. The total amount of time involved in the above treatments was 174 hours with 40 per cent solution, 72 hours with 50 per cent solution, and 120 hours with 80 per cent solution. On January 1, the surface measured 11 sq. cm. and the calculated surface was 11.3 sq. cm. On January 5 the. surface observed was 10 sq. cm. and the calculated surface was 9 sq. cm. It should be noticed that on January 5 the bacteria numbered 4 per field, which might account for the difference. In Experiment 5 the wound was flushed for 24 hours every day with 50 per cent sodium chloride solution from December 11 to 18, a total of 192 hours. From December 18 to 24 the wound was dressed with agar-agar cakes containing 40 per cent sodium chloride. The concentration was raised to 50 per cent from December 24 to 27. The cicatrization curve indicates only a slight retardation of the repair which can be attributed to infection when both cicatrization and infection curves are compared. The temporary acceleration on the 13th may have been due to the influence of the dressing, but as it did not occur again an experimental error is probably the cause of the change observed in the curve. In Experiment 6 two practically identical wounds at a distance of but a few centimeters from each other were located on the right thigh of Patient 721. The areas of the wounds were respectively 40 and 33 sq. cm. One of the wounds was flushed with distilled water only. The other was subjected to the action of 40 per cent sodium chloride solution. From December 20 to 25 both wounds were in a condition of surgical asepsis. However, the cicatrization curves show that in spite of the difference of treatment the rate of healing was not modified. The rate of healing of the wounds did not therefore apparently undergo any measurable modification under the influence of distilled water or hypertonic salt solution. It is well known that the osmotic changes of the medium have a marked influence on tissues deprived of circulation. But it seems that a tissue with normal circulation is protected by it against the changes of the osmotic pressure occurring at its surface. The above experiments show that apparently the conditions of the tissues of a wound are not modified by the changes of the osmotic pressure of the dressing. The beneficial effects of hypertonic sodium chloride solution on the sterilization of wounds and on the rate of healing recently described by various surgeons are possibly an illusion due to lack of precise technique.
1. Streptococci injected into the circulation of cats are quickly withdrawn and are found most numerously in the lung, less numerously in the liver and spleen, and in small numbers in the bone marrow, lymph nodes, muscle, and kidney. 2. The streptococci taken up by the lung are killed within 5 to 8 hours, although they remain visible in films for a number of days. In the liver they are killed less rapidly, and in the spleen a few may remain viable for a considerable period. 3. This bactericidal action may be demonstrated in pieces of excised lung but not in lung extracts, and is apparently dependent on the action of the living cell. 4. Streptococci injected into a susceptible animal, the rabbit, are also promptly removed from the circulation, but are distributed in different proportions, the liver and spleen absorbing almost as many as the lung, and the muscles also taking up an appreciable number. 5. As in the cat, the organisms taken up by the lung and liver of the living rabbit are promptly killed. Those which lodge in the muscles, however, multiply rapidly. 6. About the time that the streptococci have begun to develop in the muscles (4 to 8 hours after injection) the number in the blood stream begins to increase. 7. The increase in the blood stream is not due to exhaustion of the mechanism of their removal nor have these organisms acquired a resistance sufficient to maintain them in the blood stream of a normal animal. The septicemia, then, is probably the resuit of washing out of organisms from the infected tissues. 8. Attempts to immunize rabbits have been unsuccessful, but in certain treated animals the distribution of the organisms among the various organs approached that found in insusceptible animals; i.e., cats.
The total capacity, middle capacity, and residual air have been determined in twenty adult women suffering from pulmonary tuberculosis. The chest volumes have been determined in each case and the normal lung volumes calculated by means of the ratios worked out in Paper I and applied to thirty-one men in Paper II. The excursions of the diaphragm have been determined by fluoroscopy in all cases. Of eight patients with incipient tuberculosis, five had lung capacities like those of men in the same group; i.e., about normal total capacity, slightly increased residual air, and consequently somewhat decreased vital capacity. Three had considerably diminished total capacity. In these three patients, however, clinical abnormalities were found (extensive miliary tuberculosis, obstruction of bronchus, fixation of diaphragm in expiratory position). In twelve patients with moderately advanced and advanced tuberculosis, the results agreed with those found in men, the total capacity and vital capacity being decreased, while the residual air was practically normal.
1. Dakin's hypochlorite solution has the power of dissolving necrotic tissue, pus, and plasma clot in the concentration and reaction used clinically. 2. Chloramine-T and dichloramine-T do not exhibit this action. 3. The solvent action of Dakin's hypochlorite solution of the degree of alkalinity used clinically is due primarily to its hypochlorite content, but its slight alkalinity, while in itself without solvent action, enhances the effectiveness of the hypochlorite. 4. In the degree of alkalinity used clinically, the solvent action of hypochlorite is absent below about 0.2 per cent sodium hypochlorite concentration. 5. The hypochlorite concentration at which the solvent action ceases is lower the more alkaline the solution, and vice versa. 6. None of the antiseptics studied had demonstrable solvent action on blood clot.
In two instances of common colds, with no known contact with cases of pneumonia, Pneumococcus Type I was found to be the predominating organism, which strongly suggests that it was the etiological agent in these colds. If this is so, common colds of this type must be looked upon as a possible source of contagion in the development of lobar pneumonia due to the Type I pneumococcus.
Typical mitochondria can be found in the spinal ganglion cells of monkeys with experimental poliomyelitis, even when typical Nissl substance has disappeared, and mitochondria-like structures are found in the remaining protoplasm in the latest stage of neurophagocytosis.
The results of our experiments do not substantiate in full the theory of the power of selective action of Streptococcus viridans. A few strains showed a remarkable constancy in location and type of lesion, but these strains were greatly in the minority. The location of the lesions in animals seemed to bear no relation to the origin of the organism or to the lesions produced by it in the patient from which the strain was obtained. Streptococcus viridans, regardless of site of origin in the patient, produced most lesions in the heart and joints.
The subcutaneous injection of 1 or 2 mg. of morphine sulfate per kilo subcutaneously in dogs with a pancreatic deficiency, whose sugar tolerance is still good, produces a rise in the glycemia about four times greater than the same amount of morphine calls forth in normal dogs. As dogs with a pancreatic deficiency due to coagulation or partial resection of the gland may legitimately be considered in a prediabetic state, the inference is warranted that the morphine test may be of value in detecting a weakened carbohydrate metabolism in the human subject. The test could easily and without danger be carried out with the micro methods now available for the quantitative determination of blood sugar. The experimental facts described in this paper give additional corroboration to the view that the response of a normal and of a pathologically altered organism to the same drug in the same dosage may be quantitatively very different.
1. The total capacity, middle capacity, and residual air have been determined in 31 adult male patients suffering from tuberculosis of the lungs. 2. The chest volumes have been determined in each case and the normal lung volumes calculated by means of the ratios worked out in a previous paper. 3. In nine patients with incipient tuberculosis, the total lung volume was found within normal limits, whereas the vital capacity was diminished as a result of an increased residual air. The increase in the residual air was due to less complete expiration, caused partly by diminished movement of the diaphragm, partly by diminished compression of the chest wall. The diminished movement of the diaphragm was, as a rule, most marked on the most affected side. Whether these decreased movements are due to a reflex or to stiffness of the lung tissue we could not determine. The middle capacity was found practically normal. 4. In twenty-two cases of moderately advanced, and advanced tuberculosis, the total lung volume was in most cases markedly decreased. The vital capacity was substantially decreased, principally as a result of the diminished total capacity. The residual air was, as a rule, normal, although in a few cases an increase in residual air also contributed to the decrease in the vital capacity. The middle capacity, on which we do not want to put too much stress, was normal in some patients and considerably diminished in others.
Some hypothetical conclusions bearing on the evolution of cicatricial tissue can be suggested. The arterial circulation deposits in the wound chemical substances necessary for contraction of the wound and for epithelial proliferation. When the biologic process is not hindered by any special or severe bacterial infection this deposit is as regular as the circulation itself, and enables us to determine in advance the date of cicatrization. It even seems as though when the epidermization process is retarded by a slight infection the substances necessary for epidermization are stored up in the wound, and when the delay due to infection is removed the epithelium finds an accumulation of nutritive substances, and, so to speak, makes up the lost time. Moreover, when an infection entirely or partially stops epidermization, we have observed (Experiments 3, 4, and 5) that after the infection has disappeared the progress of new epidermization is much more rapid than normally; it even passes the calculated curve. The infection apparently destroyed only the epithelium and left in the wound the chemical substances which activate epidermization. The existence of these physical or chemical activating agents has been indicated again by two anatomical clinical facts. In treating a scalp wound in which there had been practically no epidermization for many months, we applied over the entire surface of the sterile wound dermo-epidermic grafts of fetal skin. After apparently taking, the grafts were absorbed and disappeared, but epidermization of the periphery of the wound, which hitherto had not progressed, took place abundantly, almost a hundred times as much as before. We believe that by mathematical measurements we can solve the problem of the action of various organic fluids on the cicatrization of wounds.
1. Thirty-one determinations of the total oxygen-combining power and the oxygen in the venous blood from vena mediana cubiti of sixteen resting patients are reported. 2. The difference between the total oxygen capacity of the hemoglobin and the oxygen in the venous blood, the oxygen unsaturation, is calculated. 3. In twelve patients with compensated heart lesions the unsaturation was found within normal limits, between 2.5 and 8 volume per cent. 4. In four patients with incompensated heart disease the values for the unsaturation were all above the normal limit, from 9.7 to 15.2 volume per cent. 5. A general discussion of the problem of interpreting the results is given. 6. A comparison is drawn between the oxygen consumption calculated from direct determination of the blood flow on a normal subject (the writer) and the oxygen unsaturation determined 4 years later on the same subject. A close agreement between the two series of values exists.
1. Forty-six determinations of the oxygen unsaturation, i.e., the difference between the venous oxygen and the total oxygen capacity of the hemoglobin, have been done in five patients with compensated circulatory disturbances. 2. Values within normal limits and near or below the normal average were found in four patients with regular pulse. 3. In one patient with mitral insufficiency and arrhythmia perpetua extremely varying values were encountered. Six determinations were made; in one instance the value was within normal limits, in five above, and in one of those even higher than in most cases of incompensated heart lesions. 4. A comparison is drawn between the directly determined oxygen unsaturation in these patients and the oxygen consumption calculated from previous experiments by the writer, where the blood flow was determined directly by the nitrous oxide method. A close parallelism is found.
1. A report is made of 103 determinations of the oxygen unsaturation of the venous blood of five patients with incompensated heart diseases. 2. Values for the oxygen unsaturation within normal limits were found only under two circumstances: (a) in a stage of full compensation, and (b) in a stage of incompensation where the symptoms were rapidly lessening. 3. Values above the upper normal extreme were met with under three circumstances: (a) during incompensation, (b) during compensation just before the clinical symptoms of incompensation had developed, and (c) at times in patients with auricular fibrillations in a condition of complete and stable compensation. 4. A comparison has been drawn between the directly found value for the oxygen unsatilration and the values for the oxygen consumption calculated from previous experiments by the writer on the blood flow (minute volume of the heart), in patients with similar clinical conditions. A close agreement existed. 5. It seems probable from our experience with patients under digitalis therapy that the oxygen unsaturation affords, an objective criterion of the positive effect of the therapy.
1. Increase in circulatory rate caused by hard exercise has no power to dislocate nucleated red cells from the bone marrow either in normal, in anemic, in hyperplastic, or in anemic and hyperplastic animals. 2. In anemic and hyperplastic animals pseudocrises of nucleated red cells can be produced at certain periods by hard exercise, but careful analysis leads inevitably to the conclusion that the increase in these cells is merely a more accurate expression of circulatory content at the time of the procedure. 3. Section of the vasomotor nerves to the four limbs with consequent dilatation of the marrow vessels and increased blood flow through the tissue does not result in the freeing of nucleated red cells from the bone marrow.
That a definite change in the reactivity of the skin takes place during the transition from infancy to childhood has been repeatedly noted. Rolly (5), working with a variety of bacterial toxins, found that infants did not react, but that reactions occurred with advancing age. Similarly Tenner (6), using Witte's peptone, colon bacilli, and tuberculin observed that at about the period that the skin of children became increasingly sensitive to tuberculin, a corresponding reactivity was manifest toward the other antigens. It seems possible to us that this phenomenon is related to the alteration in the ferments of the skin that takes place during the transition period. Thus while the protease of the adult type of skin causes a definite autolysis, that of the fetal skin does not, the synthetic potential evidently predominating. Of greater significance seems to be the fact that the skin of the young animal contains peptidase to a considerable amount, while the adult skin seems to be without this ferment activity. If we assume that the disintegration of the native protein of the antigen is essential in eliciting certain skin tests, it would seem probable that the splitting would be less apt to take place in the young skin in which the lytic effects of the ferments are relatively suppressed. On the other hand, the young skin, containing peptidase, would be able to digest rapidly any antigen consisting of partially hydrolyzed proteins-as tuberculin-and in this way detoxicate and remove the noxious material. From these considerations the undoubted alteration of the skin reactivity taking place after infancy seems definitely correlated with changes in the proteolytic ferments. In how far they enter into and alter the specific reactions cannot be determined from the limited data so far available. Of the other ferments, the lipases, as pointed out by Porter, are possibly of importance in the resistance of the skin to tuberculous infection. It will be observed from the table that the activity of these skin ferments is less manifest in their action as esterases, on ethyl butyrate, than on the neutral fats used, oleic oil and butter fat, in this way differing from the activity of the serum. The relative resistance of the skin to tuberculous infection can, however, hardly be due to the activity of the lipase alone, for it must be kept in mind that the lepra bacillus, also rich in lipoids, is enabled to proliferate well within the epithelial tissues.
On the basis of these findings we believe that we are Justified in saying that the immune serum of Weil's disease is capable of destroying the spirochetes found within the organs in man, with the exception of the kidneys, and that the action of the serum upon the spirochetes is spirochetolytic and spirocheticidal. The scattered spirochetes in the kidney, on the other hand, are resistant to the action of the immune serum. The spirochetes disappear almost completely from the organs during the convalescent stage of Well's disease, even when no serum has been administered. The only organ to be excepted is again the kidney, but no comparison between .serum-treated and non-serum-treated cases should be made in this respect, for spirochetes are found numerously in the kidneys even with serum treatment. The disappearance of the spirochetes from the organs and tissues in Well's disease seems to be not so marked with the subcutaneous serum treatment as with the intravenous method, but the manner of their disappearance is about the same.
Two series of experiments are described in which Rosenow's anti-poliomyelitic serum, so called, has been compared with the immune serum derived from monkeys which have convalesced or recovered from experimental poliomyelitis. The experiments consisted in introducing an active virus of polio-myelitis into the blood and of injecting the two kinds of serum into the cerebrospinal meninges according to the method of Flexner and Amoss. Under the conditions of the experiment, the control monkeys (a) receiving the virus intravenously alone do not develop paralysis, while those (b) receiving the virus intravenously and normal horse serum intraspinally develop paralysis. Moreover, the monkeys (c) receiving the virus intravenously and Rosenow's antipoliomyelitic serum intraspinally develop paralysis in the manner of those receiving normal horse serum intraspinally. The monkeys (d) which received the virus intravenously and the convalescent or immune monkey serum intraspinally alone did not develop paralysis. The Rosenow serum acts in the manner of normal horse serum; it promotes the passage of the virus of poliomyelitis from the blood into the nervous organs, and it does not protect from infection. We have found no evidence that Rosenow's serum under the conditions of the tests is effective therapeutically in monkeys or possesses antibodies of the same nature as those present in the blood of monkeys which have recovered from experimental poliomyelitis. Since the antibodies in convalescent poliomyelitic serum in man and the monkey are identical, it follows that any antibodies present in the Rosenow horse serum do not conform to those occurring in human convalescent serum.
Mice artificially immunized against a transplantable carcinoma, inoculated, and proved immune, may be again rendered susceptible to the same tumor by exposure to the x-rays. The immune animals which have not been treated with the x-rays preserve, to a large degree, their resistance to a second inoculation of the tumor in question.
For the neutralization of the virus of poliomyelitis by antibodies, active complement is not required. In carrying out immunity tests it is imperative to choose a virus of established grade of virulence and to make adequate control observations. The neutralizing substances pass from the blood of actively immune monkeys into the cerebrospinal fluid when the permeability of the meningeal-choroidal complex is increased by an aseptic inflammation such as that induced by an intraspinal injection of horse serum. The immunity bodies in effective neutralizing quantities can be detected in the cerebrospinal fluid as early as 12 hours and as late as 48 hours after the intraspinal injection of horse serum. Doubtless the passage continues as long as the inflammation persists. This ability of the neutralizing substances to pass from the blood into the cerebrospinal fluid under conditions of inflammation doubtless plays an important part in arresting the multiplication of the virus on which the cessation and restoration of the poliomyelitic processes depend. The widespread involvement in the inflammatory conditions of the meninges, choroid plexus, and substance of the nervous organs, accompanied by severe lesions of the blood vessels in the last structures especially, opens the way widely for the passage of antibodies into the cerebrospinal fluid, whence all parts of the nervous tissues are reached, and also, probably, for direct transudation into the affected parts of the spinal cord and brain. The neutralization of the virus on which the continuance of the active pathological process depends is thus readily accomplished. Under these circumstances the use of an alien specific immune serum to anticipate the action of the individual's own immunity products appears logical, while the employment of normal serum has no basis in experiment and would seem not to offer any therapeutic advantage whatever.
1. From a study of the agglutinins and protective power of the serum of 42 persons vaccinated against the pneumococcus, Types I, II, and III, it is demonstrated that a definite immune response has been secured to Types I and II by the dose of vaccine employed. Little evidence of response to Type III can be demonstrated by these methods, but this is of less significance in that in animals it is relatively difficult to secure antibodies against this strain in the serum, even though a considerable degree of active immunity may have been produced in the vaccinated animal. 2. The degree of response to the vaccination appears to be dependent upon the total dosage of each type of pneumococcus administered. While some response may be elicited by 2(1/2) billion cocci of each type, a much more constant and greater response follows 13 billion. 3. In subcutaneous administration the manner in which the total dosage is divided, whether given in a single large dose, in seven small daily doses, or in three to five moderate doses at 3 to 7 day intervals, seems to have little influence upon the degree of immune response, provided the total dosage is the same. 4. The local and general toxic reaction varies greatly in different individuals. The smaller the individual doses, the fewer are the severe reactions. This makes it desirable to divide the total dosage into as many inoculations as circumstances make practicable. 5. At Camp Upton 12,519 men have been vaccinated against Pneumococcus Types I, II, and III. Three or four doses were given at intervals of 5 to 7 days with a total dosage of 6 to 9 billion of Types I and II and 4(1/2) to 6 billion of Type III. 6. During the 10 weeks that have elapsed since the vaccination, no cases of pneumonia of these three types have occurred among the men who had received two or more injections of vaccine. 7. In a control of approximately 20,000 men there were twenty-six cases of Pneumococcus Types I, II, and III pneumonias during the same period. 8. The incidence of Pneumococcus Type IV pneumonia and streptococcus pneumonia was much less among the vaccinated troops than among the unvaccinated. No explanation has been advanced for this difference. 9. Small sterile infiltrations disappearing spontaneously occasionally follow the injection of large doses of pneumococcus vaccine and appear to be an expression of cutaneous hypersusceptibility. 10. The persons who develop these lesions exhibit local reactions to each dose of vaccine. They also give abnormally marked reactions to intradermal injections of pneumotoxin. They do not, however, exhibit anything notable in the agglutinative or protective powers of their sera after vaccination. Whereas the immune response is characteristically specific for the type of pneumococcus, this reaction is not specific for any type. We have found no evidence that Type III is more prone to elicit these severe local reactions than are Types I and II. 11. Prophylactic vaccination against pneumococcus of Types I, II, and III is practical and apparently gives protection against pneumonia produced by these types. It remains to be determined how long this immunity persists.
The elimination of the foreign complement and corpuscles from the test for the serodiagnosis of syphilis has been attempted, and the results so far obtained are very satisfactory. Instead of using guinea pig complement, fresh human serum was utilized for the source of complement for the production of hemolysis upon the human corpuscles in the presence of an adequate amount of the specific anti-human amboceptor (prepared in rabbits). Usually 0.1 cc. of fresh human serum contains enough complement to hemolyze 1 cc. of a 1 per cent suspension of human corpuscles, but the amount of anti-human amboceptor required in this combination is about five to seven times that necessary when guinea pig complement (0.04 cc.) is used. It has also been shown that when a given human serum contains insufficient complement, an adequate quantity (0.1 cc. is usually enough) of another fresh negative serum may be added to supplement it. However, one rarely encounters this group of sera. Inactivated human sera can also be examined by utilizing human complement from another source (the serum must be fresh, active, and negative). The only drawback to the present method is the comparatively large amount of anti-human hemolytic amboceptor required. It is estimated that 30 to 40 cc. of the anti-human hemolytic immune serum, from one rabbit, of high potency-say 0.005 cc.-would be enough to examine about 3,000 to 4,000 cases (0.01 cc. for each case), whereas if guinea pig complement were used the same amount would cover about 15,000 tests (0.002 cc. for each case). In a large hospital or in the Army there should be no difficulty in preparing any amount of the anti-human hemolytic amboceptor. For example, material for 100,000 tests could be prepared within 1 month in less than 100 rabbits. The amboceptor serum can be used in the fluid state, or, if the titer is high, impregnated into filter papers. Special attention should be called to the fact that to obtain a powerful anti-human hemolytic amboceptor five to six intraperitoneal injections of corpuscles, thoroughly washed (until there is no trace of serum in the supernatant fluid), in doses of 5, 7, 10, 10, 10, and possibly another 10 cc. of the concentrated suspension (restored to the. original volume of the blood) are required. The bleeding may be done by the 9th or 10th day. The animals may be kept after bleeding for the production of more amboceptor by subsequent injections of the washed corpuscles. Finally, it should be emphasized that only the acetone-insoluble fraction of tissue lipoids of required standards (Noguchi) should be used when utilizing the human complement in the fixation test.
The purpose of the present investigation was to determine a practical method of vaccination against bacillary dysentery. It has been emphasized that the toxicity of the dysentery group of organisms, especially that of the Shiga bacillus, is such as not to permit of their employment in simple saline or aqueous suspensions. If, on the other hand, their toxicity is removed by the addition of certain chemicals, the antigen of the bacilli is so changed as not to be suitable for immunization purposes. The toxicity of the bacilli can also be diminished by the addition of immune serum. There is no essential difference in the result whether unmodified serum is used or that modified by Gibson's method. The use of serum with vaccines cannot be recommended, in spite of the relative non-toxicity of such mixtures. The specific immunity response is reduced, while the parenteral injection of horse serum in large groups of men is objectionable because of the serum sensitization which it produces. It has been shown that a certain vegetable oil, almond oil, (and this statement may apply to a number of non-irritating, absorbable oils) is capable of overcoming many of these disadvantages. The oil acts as a passive agent in merely suspending the bacteria without altering their properties. The slow absorption of the suspended bacteria from this vehicle mitigates the toxic effects of the dysentery bacilli. At the same time it does not interfere with the immunity response-antibacterial and antitoxic. If the absorption is too slow, however, as in the instances in which lanolin was added, less satisfactory results follow. The proper rate of absorption is as important a factor as the proper vegetable oil. The latter condition has been emphasized in the consideration of the effects of an objectionable olive oil. The neutralization of the oil should be complete. F. G. S. and J. W. S. suffered from severe local reactions, the results of the local deposition of soaps, which are difficult of absorption. As a result of the slow absorption of the dysentery bacilli from the oily suspension only slight local and general reactions follow, and it is possible to give at one time and in a single dose a sufficient number of the killed dysentery bacilli to incite a high degree of immunity. The precise series of events following the injection of the oily vaccine are: During the 1st day, an erythematous area develops at the site of injection, which is not especially painful. There may be a slight systemic reaction, consisting in headache and slight chilliness. After 24, sometimes after 48 hours, an induration appears at the site of injection, varying from 2 to 4 cm. in diameter, which remains unchanged for a few days, then begins to recede, complete absorption requiring from 1 to 3 weeks. The induration remains localized and has no tendency to break down. It causes no inconvenience. During the period of absorption the organism of the host continually receives antigen. The rule of immunology is that while antigen is circulating the antibodies are usually not demonstrable; it is only after all the antigen disappears that the antibodies appear in greatest concentration. Since the vaccine is slowly absorbed, the reasons for the delayed appearance of antibodies, as well as their persistence, become obvious.
Discharges of blood per rectum, associated with oocysts of coccidia, were observed occurring in young calves during the warmer season of the year. In a small percentage of the cases death was probably due directly to the coccidiosis. Although the disease, known as red dysentery in Switzerland, may have existed in this country for some time, there seems to have been no knowledge of its existence and no reports of it have thus far been published. The coccidia have been artificially cultivated and shown to produce four spores. Two oocysts of quite different dimensions and having minor differential characters were encountered in the same animal in several instances. The invasion of the epithelium of the small intestine was slight. The chief seat of the parasitism was the large intestine. The lesions following the loss of epithelium were superficial hemorrhages and filling up of the denuded tubules with polymorphonuclear leukocytes.
It seems clearly established that non-hemolytic streptococci are responsible for a considerable number of cases of bovine mastitis. Of the 81 animals examined, 31 were suffering from infections of this type. The lesions produced in invaded quarters varied from an involvement of only the lining epithelium of the large milk ducts to severe degeneration and necrosis of the secreting epithelium. In one instance a considerable portion of the glandular elements had been replaced with connective tissue. The streptococci fall into two groups when their action on the various carbohydrates is considered. Thirty-four strains fermented dextrose, lactose, saccharose, maltose, and salicin; five others attacked the first four sugars but failed to produce acid in salicin. All mastitis streptococci failed to act upon raffinose, inulin, or mannite. One species isolated from a mammary abscess produced acid in all the carbohydrates. All the strains were agglutinated with an antiserum prepared from one typical strain. The agglutination titer varied over wide limits, although all the streptococci were agglutinated at a dilution of 1:500. None of the strains inoculated proved pathogenic for rabbits. A pig fed on the milk from two typical cases of mastitis remained well.
1. The hemolytic variety of streptococcus is homogeneous, consisting of members that are nearly identical. 2. This homogeneity is most strikingly displayed in the behavior of these streptococci in the complement fixation reaction, all the strains studied reacting in a nearly identical way with all the antisera.
1. The relation between hemolytic and non-hemolytic streptococci is orderly and arises from the fact that the former variety is unique while the latter is heterogeneous. 2. Analogous considerations of the classification, distribution, and pathogenicity of the streptococcus group and the pneumococcus and colon-typhoid groups show a definite parallelism. 3. These considerations suggest that unique varieties of bacteria associated with man are the more highly invasive, while the heterogeneous varieties are more saprophytic.
Complete obstruction of the ureter causes atrophy of the renal parenchyma, especially marked in the portions lateral to the renal sinus. The longer the duration of the obstruction, the greater is the degree of atrophy. If the obstruction is removed within 2 weeks the kidney may regain its normal structure except for a varying amount of atrophy in the lateral portions. Kidneys obstructed for 2 weeks or less may regain their normal function, as measured by the phthalein test. The longer the period of obstruction, the slower is the rate of recovery. A hydronephrosis of 7 days' duration required 40 days, and one of 14 days' duration required 152 days to recover normal function.
The acute intoxication following an injection of a toxic proteose is usually associated with a large increase (40 per cent or more) in the non-protein nitrogen of the blood. This increase is found chiefly in the blood urea nitrogen, but the amino and peptide nitrogens also may show small increases. The changes observed in the blood non-protein nitrogen are identical with those which follow the feeding of large amounts of meat (8). These facts indicate that the proteose intoxication causes an abnormally rapid autodigestion of tissue proteins, but that the nitrogenous end-products are, in chief part at least, the same that result from normal catabolism of food proteins. There is no evidence that the autolytic products play any part in causing the intoxication. The possibility of such a part and a resultant vicious circle is not excluded, but from the available facts the autolysis appears more as a result rather than cause of the intoxication. It appears possible that in disease or intoxication tissue catabolism may be enormously accelerated and yet yield the end-products of normal protein metabolism.
Sterile abscess, pleuritis, and pancreatitis give a clinical reaction in the experimental animal very like the same acute inflammatory processes due to bacterial activity, provided the bacterial agents are limited to the initial location. The curve of urinary nitrogen excretion in the fasting dog shows the same precipitous and sustained rise in sterile and bacterial inflammatory reactions. This indicates that the same type of protein injury and autolysis in the body is produced by the sterile inflammatory reaction as by the bacterial reaction. It is assumed that the primary effect of the chemical agent or of the bacterial growth in the tissues is local cell injury or necrosis. This injured cell protoplasm undergoes prompt autolysis with escape of toxic protein split products. These toxic protein split products may be, in part at least, of the proteose group and are absorbed into the circulation, producing the familiar general reaction. The injury of body protein is obvious from the great increase in elimination of nitrogen in the urine and appears to be the same in sterile and in bacterial inflammation. The injurious agent in the sterile inflammation must be derived from the host protein, and we may assume with safety that much of the injurious material emanating from a septic inflammation must come from the host protein rather than from the bacteria. Acute sterile pancreatitis is one of the purest examples of an acute non-specific reaction where the intensity of the host's intoxication may reach a maximum in 12 to 24 hours. We believe that fundamentally this reaction is very similar to that observed after the production of a sterile abscess or pleurisy. Non-specific intoxication must account for the sterile reactions described above. Septic inflammations show the same acute reaction and injury of body protein. The deduction is obvious-that a great part, at least, of the reaction in septic inflammation is truly non-specific and results from the primary injury of the host's protein and cell autolysis.
Sterile abscess formation in the dog is accompanied by a large increase in output of urinary nitrogen and also by a small but definite increase in the blood non-protein nitrogen. All this nitrogenous material of course is derived from body protein injury and autolysis. Septic inflammation in the dog (pleurisy, pneumonia, peritonitis, etc.) likewise shows a distinct rise in the blood non-protein nitrogen. This rise is not often so great as that frequently observed in the intoxication of intestinal obstruction. Many acute infections in man (septicemia, peritonitis, pneumonia, etc.) show a definite rise in the non-protein nitrogen and urea nitrogen of the blood; some cases show a very great rise above normal (over 100 mg. of non-protein nitrogen per 100 cc. of blood). There may be no anatomical change in the kidney beyond the familiar picture of cloudy swelling. This does not exclude the possibility of some transient functional derangement of the kidney epithelium. Certain obscure intoxications in man may show a considerable rise in the non-protein nitrogen of the blood, indicating a large amount of protein disintegration. These findings must be taken into account in any clinical analysis and interpretation of high non-protein nitrogen of the blood in pathological conditions.
Minute amounts of photosynthesis in marine plants can be accurately measured by adding a little phenolphthalein to the sea water, and observing changes in the color of the indicator. In the case of fresh water aquatics bicarbonates are added. By this method it is found that Ulva which has been kept in the dark begins photosynthesis as soon as it is exposed to sunlight and that the rate steadily increases until a constant speed is attained. This may be explained by assuming that sunlight decomposes a substance whose products either catalyze photosynthesis or enter directly into the reaction. Quantitative theories are developed in order to account for the facts.
The tonus of the muscles of heliotropic insects is due chiefly to the action of light; it is markedly decreased in the dark. Each eye controls the tonus of a different group of muscles on both sides of the body. Different areas of each eye likewise are related to the tonus of different muscle groups, and the relationship is entirely analogous to that of the otic labyrinth of vertebrates. Asymmetrical conditions of muscle tension are produced by any procedure which establishes an unequal photochemical reaction in the two eyes, by difference in illumination, by partial or complete blackening of one eye, or establishing unequal sensitiveness in the two eyes. The unbalanced condition of muscle tonus expresses itself in unusual postures of the resting insects, and in movements in forced paths-circus motions when one eye has been blackened. These reactions vary directly with the intensity of the illumination, as shown not only by the variation in diameters of the circles, but also by the reactions of the insects on vertical surfaces and on the turntable. The relation of the results of these experiments to the problem of heliotropic orientation is too obvious to require detailed discussion, which could only lead to a repetition of the description of the mechanism f heliotropism which Loeb has so clearly expounded. The experiments are so completely in accordance with Loeb's muscle tension theory of heliotropism, that they are tantamount to a complete proof of it.
The experimental evidence had made clear that some substance is produced in the testis of the male Sebright that suppresses in him the development of the secondary sexual plumage of the cock of his species. The detection in his testis of lutear cells like those in hens makes the conclusion highly probable that it is these cells that cause the suppression of cock-feathering in both the Sebright male and in hens of all fowls. Genetic work by Morgan had shown that one or two Mendelian factor-differences are responsible for hen-feathering in the Sebright. These factor-differences produce their effects through the testes. The presence of these genetic factors, we now see, causes the testes of the Sebright to produce a kind of secretory cell that is ordinarily only produced in the female, or possibly to a slight extent in young males (Boring), or in numbers insufficient to suppress the male plumage in the testes of some ordinary cock birds (Reeves).
An apparatus is described which makes it possible to measure rapidly and accurately small amounts of CO(2) given off by organisms of all kinds. The apparatus can also be used to measure photosynthesis.
From the facts stated in this paper it is evident that the thymus gland of mammals contains a substance which is capable of producing tetany when fed to the larvae of certain species of salamanders (Ambystoma opacum and Ambystoma maculatum). As long as the larvae have not developed their own thymus glands, they are able, by means of some mechanism, to counterbalance the tetanic action of the thymus substance introduced in their food. When, however, the secretion from their own thymus glands is added to the thymus material introduced with the food, this mechanism of preventing tetany becomes inadequate and tetany ensues. In the larva of a third species of salamander, Ambystoma tigrinum, this mechanism will prevent tetany even when the larvae are fed on thymus. In mammals the parathyroids are known to prevent tetany and are supposed either to absorb the tetany-producing substance and thus prevent its action or to change it into another non-toxic substance. It is at least probable that in the amphibians the parathyroids play the same rôle. Larvae of anuran amphibians, which develop their parathyroids soon after hatching, never show tetanic convulsions if they are fed on thymus, but in certain species of salamanders, whose parathyroids develop only during metamorphosis, the larvae invariably have tetanic convulsions upon thymus feeding, while the metamorphosed animals never show tetany. But in addition to the parathyroids the salamanders must possess still another mechanism which during the larval period inhibits the production of tetany by the animal's own thymus glands. In the larvae of Ambystoma opacum and Ambystoma maculatum this mechanism is sufficient only to prevent tetany from the animal's own thymus, while in the larvae of Ambystoma tigrinum it is capable of preventing tetany even when the larvae are fed with thymus. If the thymus is the organ by whose action tetany is produced, we can understand why tetany in human beings occurs far more frequently in children than in adults, since in the latter the thymus gland is replaced, at least to a great extent, by connective tissue. The relation of thymus to tetany may also possibly explain the occurrence of tetany during pregnancy; while the parathyroids of the mother may be sufficient to prevent tetany from her largely atrophied thymus, they may not be sufficient to prevent tetany from the excess of thymus substance furnished by the fetus to the blood of the mother.
The effect of the thymus gland in producing tetany is due to a specific tetany toxin produced by and contained in the thymus, and the thymus gland must be added to the group of glands for which the function of internal secretion has been demonstrated.
1. It has been shown in this paper that while non-ionized gelatin may exist in gelatin solutions on both sides of the isoelectric point (which lies for gelatin at a hydrogen ion concentration of C(H) = 2.10(-5) or pH = 4.7), gelatin, when it ionizes, can only exist as an anion on the less acid side of its isoelectric point (pH > 4.7), as a cation only on the more acid side of its isoelectric point (pH < 4.7). At the isoelectric point gelatin can dissociate practically neither as anion nor as cation. 2. When gelatin has been transformed into sodium gelatinate by treating it for some time with M/32 NaOH, and when it is subsequently treated with HCl, the gelatin shows on the more acid side of the isoelectric point effects of the acid treatment only; while the effects of the alkali treatment disappear completely, showing that the negative gelatin ions formed by the previous treatment with alkali can no longer exist in a solution with a pH < 4.7. When gelatin is first treated with acid and afterwards with alkali on the alkaline side of the isoelectric point only the effects of the alkali treatment are noticeable. 3. On the acid side of the isoelectric point amphoteric electrolytes can only combine with the anions of neutral salts, on the less acid side of their isoelectric point only with cations; and at the isoelectric point neither with the anion nor cation of a neutral salt. This harmonizes with the statement made in the first paragraph, and the experimental results on the effect of neutral salts on gelatin published in the writer's previous papers. 4. The reason for this influence of the hydrogen ion concentration on the stability of the two forms of ionization possible for an amphoteric electrolyte is at present unknown. We might think of the possibility of changes in the configuration or constitution of the gelatin molecule whereby ionized gelatin can exist only as an anion on the alkaline side and as a cation on the acid side of its isoelectric point. 5. The literature of colloid chemistry contains numerous statements which if true would mean that the anions of neutral salts act on gelatin on the alkaline side of the isoelectric point, e.g. the alleged effect of the Hofmeister series of anions on the swelling and osmotic pressure of common gelatin in neutral solutions, and the statement that both ions of a neutral salt influence a protein simultaneously. The writer has shown in previous publications that these statements are contrary to fact and based on erroneous methods of work. Our present paper shows that these claims of colloid chemists are also theoretically impossible. 6. In addition to other physical properties the conductivity of gelatin previously treated with acids has been investigated and plotted, and it was found that this conductivity is a minimum in the region of the isoelectric point, thus confirming the conclusion that gelatin can apparently not exist in ionized condition at that point. The conductivity rises on either side of the isoelectric point, but not symmetrically for reasons given in the paper. It is shown that the curves for osmotic pressure, viscosity, swelling, and alcohol number run parallel to the curve of the conductivity of gelatin when the gelatin has been treated with acid, supporting the view that these physical properties are in this case mainly or exclusively a function of the degree of ionization of the gelatin or gelatin salt formed. It is pointed out, however, that certain constitutional factors, e.g. the valency of the ion in combination with the gelatin, may alter the physical properties of the gelatin (osmotic pressure, etc.) without apparently altering its conductivity. This point is still under investigation and will be further discussed in a following publication. 7. It is shown that the isoelectric point of an amphoteric electrolyte is not only a point where the physical properties of an ampholyte experience a sharp drop and become a minimum, but that it is also a turning point for the mode of chemical reactions of the ampholyte. It may turn out that this chemical influence of the isoelectric point upon life phenomena overshadows its physical influence. 8. These experiments suggest that the theory of amphoteric colloids is in its general features identical with the theory of inorganic hydroxides (e.g. aluminum hydroxide), whose behavior is adequately understood on the basis of the laws of general chemistry.
1. The course of such processes as hemolysis is very largely dependent upon variations in resistance among the different individuals, and secondarily upon the course of the fundamental reaction. 2. The fundamental reaction may be either a simple process, or the expression of a complex series of changes whose rate is at all times governed by that of the slowest of the series. This might perhaps be regarded as another expression of the so called "Law of the minimum." 3. Unnatural assumptions would be requisite for the explanation of a resemblance between the course of such processes in general and that of a monomolecular reaction. 4. The supposition that such a general resemblance exists is not supported by the available evidence. 5. The independent determination of either the nature of the fundamental reaction, or the type of the variation curve for the particular case under observation, will further our knowledge of the nature of such processes and lead to a far deeper insight into the nature and reactions of living matter.
1. A method is given which allows us to measure the influence of the mass of a leaf upon the quantity of shoots regenerated in an isolated piece of stem. This method consists in isolating a piece of stem with only two leaves left at the basal node and then splitting the stem lengthwise so that each half has one basal leaf. By leaving one leaf intact while the size of the sister leaf is reduced, the influence of the mass of the leaf upon the quantity of shoots regenerated by the stem can be measured. 2. This method has yielded the result that the mass of shoots regenerated at the apex of such a piece of stem increases under equal conditions and in equal time with the mass of the leaf, and is approximately proportional to the mass of the leaf. 3. Such an influence of the mass of the leaf upon the mass of shoots produced by the stem is only intelligible on the assumption that the growth of the regenerating shoot occurs at the expense of material furnished by the basal leaf. 4. This assumption is supported by two facts: first, that in the dark this influence of the leaf disappears more or less completely; and, second, that a leaf attached to the base of a regenerating stem after some time weighs markedly less than does a sister leaf completely detached from the stem, but otherwise under equal conditions. 5. This latter fact that a leaf when attached to the base of an excised piece of stem wilts more rapidly than when completely isolated is the reason that the proportionality between mass of a basal leaf and mass of shoot regenerated at the apex of an isolated piece of stem cannot always be demonstrated with the same degree of accuracy as the proportionality between the mass of completely isolated leaves and the mass of shoots they produce. 6. The material furnished by the leaf to the stem is not restricted to water but includes also the solutes, since not only the fresh weight but also the dry weight of the shoot regenerated by a piece of stem increases with the mass of the leaf attached to the base of the stem; and since not only the water contents but the dry weight of a leaf attached to the base of an excised piece of stem diminish when compared with the dry weight of a completely detached sister leaf. 7. The mass of shoots produced by an isolated piece of stem without leaf is small and almost negligible compared with the mass of shoots produced by the same piece of stem when a leaf of sufficient mass is attached to the base of the stem.
Two cases have been described, that of the marine planarian Bdelloura and that of the starfish Asterias forbesii, in which strychnine reverses reciprocal inhibition. These facts indicate that the nervous systems of these invertebrates function in a manner similar to those of the earthworm and vertebrates. Moreover, it would seem that strychnine acts upon some chemical component of the neuron which is always present in synaptic structures but which also occurs in the simpler neurons of lower forms. The fact that strychnine is without this characteristic effect on such forms as medusa and sea anemone, indicates that the nervous systems of the starfish and planarian have chemical affinities with the vertebrates which the coelenterates do not possess.
1. Ciona possesses two means of responding to an increase in the intensity of illumination. One is by means of a local reaction; the other is by a retraction reflex of the body as a whole. 2. The "ocelli" are not photoreceptors. The photosensitive area is in the intersiphonal region containing the neural mass. This area contains no pigment. 3. The reaction time to light is composed of a sensitization period during which Ciona must be exposed to the light, and of a latent period during which it need not be illuminated in order to react to the stimulus received during the sensitization period. 4. The duration of the reaction time varies inversely as the intensity. Analysis shows the latent period to be constant. The relation between the sensitization period and the intensity follows the Bunsen-Roscoe rule. 5. During dark adaptation the reaction time is at first large, then it decreases until a constant minimum is reached. 6. A photochemical system consisting of a reversible reaction is suggested in order to account for the phenomena observed. This system includes a photosensitive substance and its precursor, the dynamics of the reaction following closely the peculiarities of the photosensitivity of Ciona. 7. It is shown that in order to produce a reaction, a constant ratio must be reached between the amount of sensitive substance broken down by the stimulus and the amount previously broken down. 8. From the chemical system suggested certain experimental predictions were made. The actual experiments verified these predictions exactly. 9. The results obtained with regularly repeated stimulation not only fail to show any basis for a learning process or for the presence of a "higher behavior," but follow the requirements of the photochemical system suggested before.
The blood of the horseshoe crab (Limulus) absorbs oxygen and turns blue when shaken in air. In the presence of certain organisms which consume oxygen it is quickly decolorized. By measuring the time required for the change of color the rate of consumption of oxygen may be determined.
A series of investigations on respiration with improved quantitative methods has been commenced. The first of these are here described. They show that when anesthetics are employed in sufficient concentration to produce any result, plants show a rise in the rate of respiration which is followed by a fall. In the animals studied, the rise (found in higher concentrations only) was preceded by a temporary fall which is not entirely due to lowering of muscular activity or tonus. In lower concentrations the effect on animals was merely a decrease of respiration. The results of all the investigations are opposed to the theory of Verworn.
1. In concentrations which are high enough to produce any effect, formaldehyde, ether, and acetone cause an increase, followed by a decrease, in the rate of respiration. 2. 3.65 per cent ether, which causes an increase with certain cultures, produces only a decrease with others. 3. The reaction producing an increase in the respiration with 7.3 per cent ether is a reversible process, while the reaction producing the decrease is not reversible. 4. 0.5 per cent caffeine produces only a decrease in respiration while a saturated solution causes an increase, which is followed by a decrease.
1. In all the concentrations of ether studied (from 0.037 to 7.3 per cent) there is an increase in the rate of respiration of Bacillus subtilis followed by a decrease. 2. In 7.3 per cent ether in tap water there is an extraordinary increase in the output of CO(2) (amounting to 50 times the normal). This does not occur when 0.85 per cent NaCl is added, which indicates antagonism between ether and NaCl. 3. Ether is toxic in low concentrations (0.037 to 1.1 per cent) and high concentrations (3.65 to 7.3 per cent) but in intermediate concentrations (1.1 to 3.65 per cent) stimulates growth.
These experiments show that 7.3 and 3.65 per cent ether solutions cause an increase in respiration followed by a decrease. The results agree with those of Haas on Laminaria, of Gustafson on higher fungi, and of Mrs. Brooks on bacteria. They do not agree with the theory of Verworn that anesthesia is a kind of asphyxia and that it decreases respiration.
1. The experiments on frog tadpoles show that with 0.15, 0.37, and 0.55 per cent ether solutions there is a decrease in CO(2) output. The effect is reversible. With these concentrations the breathing movements and body movements remained normal during the experiment. In 3.65 and 7.3 per cent ether there is a decrease of respiration followed by an increase which in turn is followed by a decrease. The increase may reach about three times the normal rate. The increase in the CO(2) output is accompanied by the peeling of the skin. The effect is irreversible. 2. Experiments on an aquatic insect, Dineutes assimilis Aube, show that in 7.3 per cent ether there is a decrease followed by an increase which in turn is followed by a decrease. There is no apparent disintegration of structures in the organism accompanying the increase. The effect is irreversible. 3. The experiments on frog eggs with 7.3 per cent ether show a result similar to that found in aquatic insects. 4. Experiments on Fundulus embryos show that with 0.73 per cent ether there is a reversible decrease in the rate of CO(2) production. In 3.65 per cent ether there is a temporary decrease followed by an increase, after which the rate begins to fall off. In 7.3 per cent ether there is an immediate increase amounting to 307 per cent which is followed by a decrease. The increase in the 3.65 and 7.3 per cent ether is accompanied by irreversible changes leading to death. The decrease found in 0.73 per cent ether is not sufficient to cause narcosis, as is shown by experiments on which the same decrease is produced by lowering the temperature. 5. These experiments show that narcosis is not due to asphyxia. The action of anesthetics is due to some other cause than the effect on respiration. There is a difference between the animals studied and the plants described in this series of articles, since in animals the increase in the CO(2) output is accompanied by irreversible changes leading to death, while this is not necessarily the case in plants. The reversible (narcotic) action of ether on the animals studied was accompanied by a decrease in the carbon dioxide output; in plants this is not ordinarily the case. These facts are of considerable interest, but their interpretation must be left to future investigation.
Nerve net transmission in Metridium at 21 degrees C. varies from 121 to 146 mm. per second.
1. It is shown by volumetric analysis that on the alkaline side from its isoelectric point gelatin combines with cations only, but not with anions; that on the more acid side from its isoelectric point it combines only with anions but not with cations; and that at the isoelectric point, pH = 4.7, it combines with neither anion nor cation. This confirms our statement made in a previous paper that gelatin can exist only as an anion on the alkaline side from its isoelectric point and only as a cation on the more acid side of its isoelectric point, and practically as neither anion nor cation at the isoelectric point. 2. Since at the isoelectric point gelatin (and probably amphoteric colloids generally) must give off any ion with which it was combined, the simplest method of obtaining amphoteric colloids approximately free from ionogenic impurities would seem to consist in bringing them to the hydrogen ion concentration characteristic of their isoelectric point (i.e., at which they migrate neither to the cathode nor anode of an electric field). 3. It is shown by volumetric analysis that when gelatin is in combination with a monovalent ion (Ag, Br, CNS), the curve representing the amount of ion-gelatin formed is approximately parallel to the curve for swelling, osmotic pressure, and viscosity. This fact proves that the influence of ions upon these properties is determined by the chemical or stoichiometrical and not by the "colloidal" condition of gelatin. 4. The sharp drop of these curves at the isoelectric point finds its explanation in an equal drop of the water solubility of pure gelatin, which is proved by the formation of a precipitate. It is not yet possible to state whether this drop of the solubility is merely due to lack of ionization of the gelatin or also to the formation of an insoluble tautomeric or polymeric compound of gelatin at the isoelectric point. 5. On account of this sudden drop slight changes in the hydrogen ion concentration have a considerably greater chemical and physical effect in the region of the isoelectric point than at some distance from this point. This fact may be of biological significance since a number of amphoteric colloids in the body seem to have their isoelectric point inside the range of the normal variation of the hydrogen ion concentration of blood, lymph, or cell sap. 6. Our experiments show that while a slight change in the hydrogen ion concentration increases the water solubility of gelatin near the isoelectric point, no increase in the solubility can be produced by treating gelatin at the isoelectric point with any other kind of monovalent or polyvalent ion; a fact apparently not in harmony with the adsorption theory of colloids, but in harmony with a chemical conception of proteins.
A wave is described occurring in the venous pulse of man late in the diastolic period. This wave is a diastolic wave, since in an increase in length of the cardiac cycle it follows the h wave at its regular interval and becomes separated from the a wave of the next cardiac cycle. There is no wave on the venous pulse in man which can be referred to a contraction of the region of the great veins or sinus region of the heart. The h wave is a normal occurrence in the venous pulse curve from man and the dog. It occurs, according to the experience in this work, in all normal individuals in which the heart rate is sufficiently slow to prevent its obliteration by the a wave. The x wave, while not infrequent, is not always present in man even when the cardiac cycle is of sufficient length to prevent its obliteration by the a wave. This wave has not been observed in the dog. There is no wave on the venous pulse curve of the dog that can be referred to a contraction of the sinus region of the heart. Extra-systoles from stimulation of the venous region of the dog's heart produce no contraction of this region sufficiently pronounced to be recorded on a venous pulse tracing. After an interval of from 0.07 to 0.I second, representing the interval of veno-auricular conduction plus the latent period of the auricle, the auricle contracts. Extrasystoles from stimulation of the right auricle show, after an interval following the stimulus much shorter than that noted above and representing the latent period of the auricle, an a wave followed by ventricular systole after the usual a-c interval. It would seem probable that the sinus region of the heart, while capable of irritability, conductivity and rhythmicity (Erlanger and Blackman (I6)), does not normally manifest contractility.
1. Rabbits living in an atmosphere of carbon monoxide react in general as guinea-pigs react. 2. The increased specific gravity of the blood in " carbon monoxide " rabbits is due wholly to the increase in the number of erythrocytes and of hemoglobin, and not to any change in the plasma. 3. Weigert's law of inertia, that production would continue after the stimulus has ceased to act, does not hold in the case of carbon monoxide stimulated rabbits. 4. Hemolysins, precipitins and agglutinins towards normal rabbit corpuscles and sera were not present in carbon monoxide rabbits. 5. " Hemopoeitin " or anything of a similar nature was not found in rabbits in any stage of erythrocyte degeneration or regeneration.
1. Adrenalin injected intraperitoneally increases the rapidity of absorption of fluid from the peritoneal cavity, independently of whether the solution to be absorbed is hypotonic or hypertonic or is approximately isotonic with the blood serum. The intravenous injection of adrenalin also increases the absorption of fluid, but not so markedly as does the intraperitoneal injection. 2. Adrenalin injected either intraperitoneally or intravenously increases the quantity of sodium chloride absorbed. The relative absorption of sodium chloride-the movement from the peritoneal cavity of sodium chloride, as compared with the movement of water-is slightly increased when 0.85 per cent. of sodium chloride solution and adrenalin are injected intraperitoneally; but it is diminished when adrenalin is injected intravenously, or when 1.5 per cent. sodium chloride solution and adrenalin are injected. When distilled water has been injected intraperitoneally, adrenalin decreases the relative amount of sodium chloride in the peritoneal fluid-a fact that is evidently related to the increased elimination of sodium chloride through the kidneys under the influence of adrenalin. 3. When 0.85 per cent. sodium chloride solution is injected into the peritoneal cavity, the blood becomes diluted after two hours and a half. When adrenalin is also injected, the dilution of the blood is less marked, in spite of the increased absorption under the influence of adrenalin. When distilled water is injected into the peritoneal cavity, the blood is diluted equally in control and adrenalin experiments. When 1.5 per cent. sodium chloride solution is injected, the dilution of the blood is very slight, and in adrenalin experiments it is the same as in control experiments or very slightly greater than in control experiments. 4. The increase of absorption from the peritoneal cavity caused by the injection of adrenalin is not due to the increased diuresis caused by the injection of this substance. 5. The injection of adrenalin causes a temporary increase in the osmotic pressure of the blood, which gradually returns to normal. Under certain conditions, after the injection of adrenalin, there is a tendency toward maintaining the higher osmotic pressure of the blood serum, even up to the end of the experiment. We have reason to believe that this increase in the osmotic pressure of the blood is the main factor in increasing the absorption of fluid from the peritoneal cavity. 6. In experiments in which 0.85 per cent. sodium chloride solution has been injected intraperitoneally, either with or without adrenalin, there exists a tendency of the peritoneal fluid to attain a greater osmotic pressure than the blood serum, in spite of the fact that the injected fluid is slightly hypotonic as compared with the blood serum. We note a similar condition in cases of general edema in man, in which the osmotic pressure of the ascitic fluid is greater than that of the other edematous fluids, or even that of the blood serum. There exists, therefore, a mechanism that causes the passage of osmotically active substances from the blood or from the tissues into the peritoneal cavity, and that causes the osmotic pressure of the peritoneal fluid to become higher than that of the blood. It follows from our experiments that this mechanism, which causes the ascites in edematous persons to have such a high osmotic pressure, is not dependent upon certain pathological changes in the lining membranes or upon other pathological conditions, but exists already in normal animals. 7. The addition of 1.22 per cent. calcium chloride solution to 0.83 per cent. sodium chloride solution, in such proportions as we used in our infusion experiments, in which we determined the transudation into the peritoneal cavity, delays the absorption of fluid from the peritoneal cavity but very slightly. Therefore, calcium chloride increases directly the transudation into the peritoneal cavity and does not cause an increase in the amount of fluid in the peritoneal cavity merely by inhibiting the absorption. 8. It follows that adrenalin does not increase the amount of peritoneal transudate found after the intravenous infusion of large quantities of sodium chloride solution, to which adrenalin has been added, by delaying the absorption from the peritoneal cavity. The increased amounts of peritoneal fluid must be due to increased transudation into the peritoneal cavity; and the adrenalin, in view of its marked effect on absorption from the peritoneal cavity, must increase the movement of fluid into the peritoneal cavity much more strongly than could be assumed from the figures obtained in the infusion experiments.
Is this thyroid hyperplasia true carcinoma? In view of the facts that young fish are more affected than old fish, that iodin stops the hyperplasia and causes it to return to the colloid state, that removal of the fish from the ponds to the open brook also affects a cure, that the clinical incidence of tumors is directly related to the water supply, and that the severity of the disease as determined by histological examination is likewise directly related to the water supply, we cannot accept the prevailing opinion that the disease is true cancer. On the other hand, we believe that the disease as studied by us is an extreme illustration of endemic goitre, the end stage of which is cretinism. The opinion that it is cancer is based purely on anatomical studies-the essential fact being that the growing thyroid invades bone, muscle, etc. Such findings in mammalian tissues are strong evidence of malignancy, but this standard cannot be applied to fish thyroids for the reason that any growth of a widely and loosely distributed nonencapsulated gland would give the histological appearance of invasion of the surrounding tissues. The general views as to the cause of the disease may be divided into two groups: (I) infectious and (2) metabolic. Taking up the infectious theory, there are abundant grounds for such a view when one considers the flora of the tank. The very careful histological examinations by Hofer, Bonnet and Pick have yielded uniformly negative results. Direct infection cannot be excluded, but the fact that fish placed in the tail-race recover spontaneously, although living in the theoretically most polluted water, is not in harmony with our present conception of water-borne infection. Taking up the metabolic theory, the three factors of overfeeding, overcrowding and limited proportional water supply together with the many possibilities into which they are divisible seem to us to be in some way, still obscure, directly concerned with the development of the disease. It is not probable that a single substance, whether the result of food decomposition or of excretory products, excites the thyroid to its activity but rather that the thyroid reaction is the result of the activity of a great variety of these products.
The present paper deals with a comparison of the conditions which determine the fate of transplanted tumor and of a transplanted normal tissue capable of growth. Mouse embryo and mouse-tumor were employed as material. It was shown that individuals differ as hosts for transplanted embryo, some being naturally resistant to its growth, and some favorable, just as is known to be the case where tumor is concerned. The fate of implanted tumor depends directly on whether it elicits from the host a vascularizing stroma. So, too, it is with implanted embryo. Furthermore mouse-embryo, like mouse-tumor, when introduced into rats calls forth a stroma and grows for a brief period. In attempt to answer the question as to whether individuals favorable (or resistant) to implanted tumor are likewise favorable (or resistant) to implanted embryo, it was shown that the factors of age, nutritive condition, and race, which are potent in determining an animal's status as a tumor-host, act similarly in determining that for embryo. Using embryonic tissue and a method which has proven effective for the production of immunity to implanted tumor, an immunity to implanted embryo was brought about. This immunity manifests itself in the same way as that for implanted tumor, namely, by an absence of the stroma-reaction necessary to life of the engrafted tissue. These results demonstrate how largely tumor obeys in its adaptation to a new host and growth therein, the general laws regulating a transplanted normal tissue. Besides the phenomena here dealt with many others that have held the attention of workers with transplantable tumors are probably not peculiar to neoplasm. The present findings emphasize the importance of the tumor-problem as a tissue-problem; and they further indicate how essential it is in cancer work to discriminate between characters unique with tumor and those which it possesses in common with normal tissue.
The daily drinking of three liters of water with meals, for a period of five days, by a man twenty-two years of age who was in a condition of nitrogen equilibrium through the ingestion of a uniform diet, was productive of the following findings : 1. An increase in body weight, aggregating two pounds in five days. 2. An increased excretion of urinary nitrogen, the excess nitrogen being mainly in the form of urea, ammonia, and creatine. 3. A decreased excretion of creatinine and the coincident appearance of creatine in the urine. The decreased creatinine output is believed to indicate that the copious water drinking has stimulated protein catabolism. The appearance of creatine is considered evidence that the water has caused a partial muscular disintegration resulting in the release of creatine, but not profound enough to yield the total nitrogen content of the muscle. The output of creatine is, therefore, out of all proportion to the increase in the excretion of total nitrogen. 4. An increased output of ammonia which is interpreted as indicating an increased output of gastric juice. 5. A decreased excretion of feces and of fecal nitrogen, the decrease in the excretion of fecal nitrogen being of sufficient magnitude to secure a lowered excretion of both the bacterial and the non-bacterial nitrogen. 6. A decrease in the quantity of bacteria excreted daily. 7. An increase in the percentage of total nitrogen appearing as bacterial nitrogen. 8. A lower creatinine coefficient. 9. A more economical utilization of the protein constituents of the diet. 10. The general conclusion to be reached as the result of this experiment is to the effect that the drinking of a large amount of water with meals was attended by many desirable and by no undesirable features.
Gravimetric determinations were recorded for the total and several individual proteins (in the sodium oxalate plasma) fractioned with ammonium sulphate and sodium chloride. At precipitation, the plasma salt mixture had been diluted to a final volume of ten times the amount of plasma employed. Coagulations were on aliquot portions of filtrates, and the individual protein constituents (except serumalbumin) were calculated by difference. The eleven horses had been subjected to simultaneous immunization against diphtheria and tetanus toxins, each horse being subsequently continued on the toxin to which it responded best. Test bleedings of about 500 cubic centimeters only were made until maximum antitoxic potency (with almost coincident greatest variation See PDF for Structure in the contents of the several proteins) had been attained; routine bleedings of four to ten liters for antitoxin production were then instituted. The two refractory, one medium and the eight horses yielding a highly potent antitoxic plasma, all showed an increase of from 40 to 114 per cent. in the total serumglobulin. For the refractory animals, this increase was 59.3 and 87.9 per cents. In one refractory and in one high horse, the serumglobulin maximum preceded the highest concentration in antitoxin. In seven of the horses, the greatest increase in the total serumglobulin was coincident with the maximum antitoxic potency. The serumglobulin increase, however, tended relatively to precede that of the antitoxin. In the two other horses, both maxima also were observed together; no "intermediate" bleedings were made in these two instances. The greatest absolute increase in the serumglobulin was observed in the most potent plasma obtained in the series; the second place, however, went to a refractory horse. Subsequent to the maxima, the serumglobulin content was maintained at high concentration, in spite of repeated bleedings; it then only roughly paralleled the antitoxic variations in the plasma of the individual animals. At dilutions of the plasma in the precipitated mixtures of 1:15, 1:5 and 1:10, the ammonium sulphate "euglobulin" fraction amounted to about 60 to 70, 20 to 24 and 10 to 15 per cents., respectively, of the total serumglobulin in both the normal and the antitoxic plasma. In an 850 unit plasma, an increase in the "euglobulin" over the normal percentage was observed, but the high content of protein in this plasma probably influenced the precipitation limits. The influence of the protein concentration is indicated by the different percentages for the "euglobulin" obtained for the three dilutions of 1:15, 1:5 and 1:10. The "euglobulin" then was not increased to a greater extent than the "pseudoglobulin" as the result of immunization, as has at times been maintained. See PDF for Structure The "euglobulin" precipitated by saturating the plasma with sodium chloride (at ultimate dilution of the plasma 1:10) was much greater in normal plasma than the ammonium sulphate "euglobulin" at the same dilution. There was a tendency in early immunization for this sodium chloride "euglobulin" to increase along with the total serumglobulin; it rapidly diminished, however, until at the height of immunization and maximum serumglobulin concentration, it may have reached less than half the normal absolute amount. The serum albumin was diminished a third to a half the normal along with the serumglobulin increase. Subsequent to the anti- See PDF for Structure toxic and serumglobulin maxima, figures as low as a fifth of the original serumalbumin content have been noted. It is suggested that this diminution of the sodium chloride "euglobulin" and the serumalbumin is a physiological compensation for the greater viscosity of the plasma because of the increase in the more soluble serumglobulins. No characteristic alteration in the fibrinogen of the plasma was observed during immunization. Individual variations up to 0.5 gram per 100 cubic centimeters of plasma have been recorded. The influence of repeated bleedings does not essentially influence the protein changes induced by immunization. These remarkable regenerative processes are worthy of note. The results of our investigation indicate that in "forced" immunization, the same characteristic quantitative changes can occur in the blood proteins of both refractory horses and those yielding a highly potent antitoxic plasma. We cannot conclude, however, that the serumglobulin increase does not represent an accumulation of antitoxin, at least in part; it is possible that other antibodies may be formed either prior to or along with the specific antitoxin and that these may constitute a portion of the increase in the more soluble serumglobulin with which protein such substances are associated.
There exists a far-reaching analogy between the cutaneous trichophytin reaction and the cutaneous tuberculin reaction. Both indicate that the organism is the seat of a definite infection or that it has passed through such an infection. Both may persist for a long time after the active disease has come to rest, indicating that the infection has left the organism in a state of altered reactivity-allergy. Under certain conditions both may be of diagnostic value, but since the reaction persists for a long time after the infection has passed, the negative reaction may be of greater value, excluding the existence of a specific infection. The analogy of the trichophytin reaction with the tuberculin reaction is not only limited to the obvious clinical manifestations, but, as in the tuberculin reaction, it can be shown that with uniform concentration of antibody, the intensity of the reaction is dependent on the concentration of the trichophytin. A tentative explanation of the halo formation is offered, based on a rapidly renewed formation of antibody stimulated probably by the entrance of a small amount of allergen into the general circulation.
When a segment of artery, killed by heat, formalin or glycerin is transplanted, it undergoes a rapid degeneration. Its muscle fibers disappear while the tissue of the host reacts by building a new wall of connective tissue. When the transplanted vessel has been preserved in a condition of latent life, no degeneration of the wall occurs, or the wall undergoes only partial degeneration. The muscle fibers can keep their normal appearance, even for a long time after the operation. It is, therefore, demonstrated that arteries can be preserved outside of the body in a condition of unmanifested actual life. The best method of preservation consists of placing the vessels, immersed in vaselin, in an ice box, the temperature of which is slightly above the freezing point. From a surgical standpoint, the transplantation of preserved vessels can be used with some safety. When the arteries were kept in defibrinated blood or vaselin and in cold storage, the proportion of positive results was 75 and 80 per cent., and this can probably be increased.
1. In the experiments recorded in this paper the influence of the osmotic pressure of the blood upon absorption of fluid from the peritoneal cavity becomes apparent. Nephrectomy, removal of the adrenals, and other operations increase the osmotic pressure of the blood and increase the absorption of fluid from the peritoneal cavity. On the other hand, ether narcosis, at the period at which we tested its influence, causes neither an increase of osmotic pressure of the blood nor an increase in the absorption of fluid from the peritoneal cavity. 2. The increased osmotic pressure and increased absorption of fluid in nephrectomized animals is to a great extent not a specific effect of the removal of the kidneys, but approximately the same conditions can be observed after incisions of the skin and muscles. 3. After poisoning with uranium nitrate and in cases of peritonitis, complicating factors come into play, and under such conditions the absorption from the peritoneal cavity is not increased, notwithstanding the higher osmotic pressure of the blood. 4. In conditions in which the osmotic pressure of the blood is very high before the injection of sodium chloride solution into the peritoneal cavity (nephrectomized rabbits or rabbits injected with uranium nitrate three days previously), adrenalin causes no increase, or only a very slight one, in the absorption of peritoneal fluid. On the other hand, one day after the injection of uranium nitrate the osmotic pressure of the blood is only slightly increased before the injection of the sodium chloride solution into the peritoneal cavity, and here adrenalin causes a marked increase in absorption of fluid from the peritoneal cavity. 5. In animals injected with uranium nitrate the retention of sodium chloride and other osmotically active substances in the blood is not entirely due to interference with the functions of the kidney. This retention may be explained either by an inability of the tissues to bind the sodium chloride and other osmotically active substances or to a diminished permeability of the blood vessels for such substances. 6. While in nephrectornized animals the elimination of sodium chloride from the peritoneal cavity and also from the blood is increased, in animals injected with uranium nitrate such an elimination is diminished. This increase in the sodium chloride content of the peritoneal fluid in animals treated with uranium nitrate is accompanied by a decrease in the diffusion of other osmotically active substances into the peritoneal cavity. 7. While in nephrectomized animals and in animals injected with uranium nitrate one day previously, adrenalin causes a diminution of the fluid retained in the blood-vessels similar to the diminution noted in normal animals, adrenalin no longer exerts such an effect at a later stage of the uranium nitrate poisoning. At this period after the administration of uranium nitrate, the retention of fluid in the blood vessels is apparently equal in experiments with and without the injection of adrenalin, and following the absorption of fluid from the peritoneal cavity, the retention of fluid in the blood vessels in the uranium nitrate animals is increased comparatively to a greater extent than in normal animals. 8. Our experiments show a marked difference in the distribution of fluid and of osmotically active substances in nephrectomized animals and in animals injected with uranium nitrate. This difference may explain the much greater liability to the development of edema in animals injected with uranium nitrate.
I. In normal animals the injection of caffeine slightly diminishes the absorption of fluid from the peritoneal cavity, in spite of the fact that the amount of fluid and sodium chloride eliminated through the kidneys is markedly increased. The lessened absorption of fluid is due to a slight lowering of the osmotic pressure of the blood. II. In nephrectomized animals caffeine increases the absorption of fluid from the peritoneal cavity; the increase in absorption is greater in nephrectomized animals which received caffeine than in nephrectomized animals which did not receive this substance, and it is due to additive increase in the osmotic pressure of the blood. In a similar manner, caffeine increases the absorption of fluid from the peritoneal cavity in animals in which, instead of nephrectomy, other operations, not directly affecting the kidneys, had been performed. In this case also the increase in absorption is presumably preceded by and due to an increase in the osmotic pressure of the blood. III. In animals injected with uranium nitrate three days previously, caffeine diminishes the absorption of fluid from the peritoneal cavity, notwithstanding the high osmotic pressure of the blood which we observe in such animals. This agrees with the results of our previous experiments in which we found that in animals injected with uranium nitrate the absorption of fluid is not increased in spite of the rise of the osmotic pressure of the blood. IV. At the time of the conclusion of the absorption experiments, the amount of fluid retained in the vessels was found to be diminished in each series in which caffeine was used. Only in certain cases can this be due to the increased amount of fluid leaving the blood vessels through the kidneys; in other cases it can only be due to a movement of water from the blood vessels into the tissues caused by the injection of caffeine. V. In normal animals, in nephrectomized animals and in animals in which an operation not directly affecting the kidneys had been performed, caffeine causes an absolute and relative increase in the elimination of sodium chloride from the peritoneal fluid, as a result of which the remaining peritoneal fluid shows a lessened content of sodium chloride. Caffeine causes also a decrease in the sodium chloride content of the blood. We see, therefore, that under the influence of caffeine a greater amount of sodium chloride is eliminated from the body fluids into the tissues or through the kidneys. The factors which cause the sodium chloride to leave the body fluids are probably primarily responsible for the diuresis which takes place after administration of caffeine. In the case of caffeine and other similar substances the diuresis is, therefore, in all probability not due primarily to a specific action of the kidney, but to conditions which affect the distribution of sodium chloride in the body. VI. The distribution coefficient of other osmotically active substances differs from that of sodium chloride. These other substances have a tendency to move into the body fluids in increased quantities under the influence of caffeine. VII. Summarizing all experiments in which we studied the absorption from the peritoneal cavity, we may state that changes in the osmotic pressure of the blood represent the principal factor in explaining the variations in the rate of absorption of fluid from the peritoneal cavity. VIII. There exists no direct relation between an increase in the rate of absorption of fluid from the peritoneal cavity and an increase in the amount of urine secreted. If it should be found that even at a period following the injection of caffeine, later than that at which we have studied the absorption, a rise of the osmotic pressure of the blood does not appear, then we may state that the diminution in the amount of edema in the body cavities resulting from the administration of caffeine is entirely due to an inhibition of the production of edema and not to an increased absorption of fluid from the serous body cavities.
IN SUMMARIZING THE RESULTS OF THIS WORK I FEEL JUSTIFIED IN DRAWING THE FOLLOWING CONCLUSIONS: 1. The fuchsin body represents a type of body subject to wide variations in morphology and in staining reaction. 2. Though more frequently associated with plasma cells than with any other cell type, these bodies may and do occur in a great variety of cells. 3. Further, certain sections show unmistakable fuchsin bodies within blood vessels; some of these bodies are true hyaline thrombi, while others are due to autolytic changes in the red blood corpuscles. 4. Fuchsin bodies are most numerous in granulation tissue and lymphoid areas. In the former, they follow closely the distribution of capillaries and show a parallel with the changes in the extra- and intravascular red blood corpuscles. 5. The number and type of fuchsin bodies in tissues can be influenced by methods of fixation, the number of typical bodies being inversely proportional to the rapidity and degree of fixation of the red blood cells. 6. The type of body found after the best fixation is not, as a rule, what is considered the typical form, but an irregular fragmentary type or the fuchsinophilic granular form. 7. The identity in staining reaction, the constant association with changes in red blood corpuscles, the relation to distribution of capillaries in granulation tissues, the occurrence in hemorrhagic lesions associated with pigment, the intravascular occurrence, and, finally, the close relation to pigment deposits, all indicate conclusively that fuchsin bodies arise from red blood corpuscles. 8. No theory of origin from plasma cells, or other granular cells, offers an adequate explanation for the origin of fuchsin bodies, nor can any theory prove adequate which does not take into account the red blood corpuscles. 9. The peculiar association of plasma cells with fuchsin bodies and hemosiderin seems explainable on the assumption that the plasma cell in such instances is the active factor in a metabolic process, the fuchsin body representing a stage in the metabolism of hemoglobin by an intracellular enzyme, and hemosiderin, one of the products of the process.
1. By following the method of Osborne, Mendel and Harris, we can obtain an extremely potent toxin from the castor bean. 2. It would appear, as a result of testing this preparation at the end of two and a half years, that the agglutinating function and the toxic function are two distinct properties. 3. This result is also borne out by the behavior under the electric current; either we are dealing with two different substances or else with a single substance with two distinct toxiphore groups, one of which is stable and the other labile.
1. Anaphylaxis or allergy of rabbits against horse serum can be proved by subcutaneous test. 2. The test is best made in the following way. The skin of the animal, preferably of the abdomen or flank, is shaved. (This should be done a few hours before the injection.) The injection is made by means of a small hypodermic syringe and intradermally. An effort was made not to inject the serum under the skin. Those injections were considered most favorable by which the serum remained as a small bleb in the skin proper. Undiluted horse serum was used for most of the experiments. The amount injected varied from 0.0I cubic centimeter to I cubic centimeter. The reaction seemed as definite after 0.0I cubic centimeter as after a larger quantity. See PDF for Structure 3. The specific reaction appears in from twelve to twenty-four hours after the test is made and reaches its maximum in from twenty-four to thirty-six hours. It consists of a local swelling extending from 0.5 to 2 centimeters from the point of inoculation. The skin involved in the raised area is usually red and hotter than the surrounding skin. Macroscopically and microscopically the reacting area has the appearance of a local acute inflammation. 4. The altered reactivity (allergy) or hyper-susceptibility (anaphylaxis) sets in usually in from ten to fifteen days after the first injection of horse serum, and lasts at least three months. Individual rabbits show marked variation from the average time of the development of anaphylaxis. 5. The appearance of precipitines against horse serum in the blood of rabbits appears nearly synchronously with the allergic condition. 6. After large injections of serum the allergic rabbits still react subcutaneously. A suppression of allergy which would correspond to the so-called anti-anaphylaxis could not be proved. 7. Also in regard to the offspring of injected rabbits the subcutaneous test was not positive. The young of these rabbits did not develop a more active allergy than the young of normal rabbits. 8. Neither the injection of considerable quantities of horse serum nor the development of a marked local reaction in the skin after intradermal inoculations of horse serum in a sensitized rabbit is accompanied or followed by greater variations in the number or types of leucocytes in the circulating blood than is found in control animals.
The results obtained show that adrenalin, transfusion with salt solution, and the inhalation of tobacco smoke caused an increased circulation in the coronary vessels. Amyl nitrite and nitroglycerin produce the opposite effect. Digitalis, strophanthus, caffeine, and theobromine give no change in the velocity of circulation. We can conclude from the results that the blood pressure is the main element which influences coronary circulation, while the other factors play only a minor part in its variations.
These experiments show that it is possible to cause, by the proper use of hydrazine and phosphorus, a very high degree of fatty change in the liver with a minimum of necrosis, involving alike both peripheral and central portions of the lobule and thus eliminating the " factor of safety" or residual normal cells. Nevertheless, it is found that such fatty liver tissue has not lost in the least its power to oxidize uric acid when acting upon it in vitro with abundant air supply, nor is the power to oxidize xanthine to uric acid noticeably diminished. Since these two enzymes, and especially the uricolytic enzyme, are about the last to appear in the development of the animal kingdom and also of the individual mammal, it is to be expected that they will be among the first of the enzymes to be destroyed by injurious agencies, but evidently they are not affected by conditions that lead to the highest degree of fatty metamorphosis of the cytoplasm of the hepatic cells. While these experiments merely prove that extreme fatty degeneration does not destroy or appreciably diminish the power of liver cells to oxidize uric acid and xanthine in vitro, yet they suggest that in general fatty degeneration is probably not essentially incompatible with a high degree of metabolic activity by the affected cells. It is possible that in the living tissue functional activity may be decreased secondarily by fatty metamorphosis, as, for example, by the enlarged fatty cells compressing the capillaries and reducing circulatory activity, or by modification of diffusion through the cell by the fat deposits, independent of any deleterious influence upon the cellular enzymes themselves. Other experiments will be required to determine whether steatogenic poisons leave intrahepatic enzymes other than the uricase equally unaffected, but as it has already been shown by Jacoby that the autolytic enzymes and aldehydase in the liver cells are not destroyed by phosphorus poisoning, and Abderhalden and Schittenhelm* found that peptids are hydrolyzed fully as rapidly by phosphorus livers as by normal livers, it seems probable that extreme fatty metamorphosis is not associated with any serious injury to the enzymes by which the liver cells perform their metabolic functions, with the possible exception of those enzymes concerned with the metabolism of fats.
1. Rabbits can be infected in the testicle with the spirochetae of yaws as well as with those of syphilis and the infection can be continued through successive generations in pure culture. 2. The infection shows itself by enlargement of the testicle and the presence of a nodule varying in size from that of a pea to that of an olive. The infection consists in a necrosis of the tubules, an infiltration of round cells and the new formation of an edematous connective tissue. 3. The complement fixation reaction occurs in rabbits infected with the spirochetae of yaws as well as in those infected with the spirochetae of syphilis. 4. This lesion makes possible the investigation of the problems of cultivation, of immunity and of treatment.
1. Hemosiderin may be produced outside of the animal body and is increased in the liver of rabbits, during autolysis, for a period of from twenty-four to forty-eight hours. 2. Post-mortem hemosiderin formation is most marked in parts of livers exposed to air, and hemosiderin is, apparently, an oxidation product of hemoglobin due to enzyme action. 3. Hemosiderin is derived from hemoglobin directly and not from hematin as an intermediate product. 4. The later stages of autolytic changes show that the acid products of proteid autolysis, especially the phosphorus acids, are capable of producing a cleavage of hemosiderin and uniting with the iron to form a new series of products which react microchemically for both phosphorus and iron. In such cleavage, pigments analogous to the bile pigments are formed. 5. The relationship observed between hemosiderin and hematoidin is such as would indicate that hematoidin is the pigment matter of hemosiderin. 6. Further, it seems probable that the vital cycle of hemoglobin metabolism in the liver is largely intranuclear; the hemoglobin is converted into hemosiderin either within the nucleus or cell protoplasm; the iron of the hemosiderin is bound by an acid radicle of the nucleo-proteid, and the hematoidin is excreted as bile pigment.
Depriving the bronchial muscles of one side of the lungs of their motor innervation does not interfere with sensitization nor the production of the typical anaphylactic lung. There is, therefore, direct sensitization of the muscle substance. Complete degeneration of the vagus nerve, after sensitization has occurred, interferes in no appreciable way with the course of immediate anaphylaxis. Partial degeneration of the vagus nerve, so that the bronchodilator fibers are still physiologically active, after sensitization has taken place, exerts no effect on the symptoms and lung picture of immediate anaphylaxis (very acute anaphylaxis with death after some minutes). No definite evidence was obtained regarding the function of the motor nerve endings in the bronchial muscles in anaphylaxis. The two sides of the lungs in immediate anaphylaxis may occasionally be unequal; when this occurs, the left side, especially the lower lobe, is usually fuller than the right side.
Pure cultures of an acid-fast bacillus were cultivated upon special media from the human tissues in four cases of leprosy. The nature of the growth, morphological characters and tinctorial properties do not differ for any of the cultures and correspond closely to the bacilli in the human leprous tubercles. That the bacillus of leprosy will multiply and continue to do so indefinitely outside of the animal body was first demonstrated by Clegg who cultivated an acid-fast organism from leprosy tissue in the presence of ameba and their symbiotics. Not only have I been able to confirm Clegg's work, but in addition I have succeeded in growing the bacillus in pure culture and in reproducing the disease in the Japanese dancing mouse, thereby establishing its identity. This species of animal acquires the infection in four to six weeks after intraperitoneal or subcutaneous inoculation with either emulsions of fresh leprous tissue or the pure cultures of B. leprae. Comparatively few bacilli are necessary to infect the mouse; and the mode of inoculation does not seem to make any appreciable difference in respect to the nature and time of development of the lesion. The experimental lesions are proliferative in character and identical with those in the human subject. Macroscopically they appear as glistening, white nodules which, in the early stages of development, resemble miliary tubercles. In my experience neither the cultures nor the bacilli directly from the human tissues have shown any evidence of multiplication or given rise to lesions when injected into the ordinary laboratory animals such as guinea pigs, rabbits, gray and white mice and rats, although repeated attempts have been made to infect these animals. B. leprae will not only multiply but it will colonize on a plain agar medium seeded with a pure culture of encysted ameba (Plate LVIII, Fig. 5), and upon an agar or banana medium prepared with a I per cent. solution of cystein and tryptophane. Colonization occurs in the form of glistening, white colonies, one to two millimeters in diameter, in from one to two months incubation. The bacilli in cultures are at all times acid-fast and differ only in morphology from those of the tissues in that they exhibit a greater variation in the distribution of the chromatin and are longer and more distinctly curved. To prove that the cultures obtained from the human tissues of these four cases are leprosy bacilli and not some other acid-fast species, the following facts are offered: (1) the growth features are distinctive and multiplication takes place only under special conditions of temperature and medium; (2) the complete correspondence in tinctorial properties and similarity in morphology to those in the tissues; (3) the failure to multiply or produce lesions in the common laboratory animals; and (4) the growth of the bacilli and the production of typical leprous lesions in the Japanese dancing mouse. The successful cultivation of B. leprae and the fact that the cultures retain pathogenic properties are of commanding importance in respect to a possible production of an artificial immune serum for combating the infection in man. Work along this interesting line is already in progress in our laboratories.
In this paper is reported the first avian tumor that has proved transplantable to other individuals. It is a spindle-celled sarcoma of the hen, which thus far has been propagated into its fourth tumor generation. This was accomplished by the use of fowls of pure blood from the small, intimately related stock in which the growth occurred. Market-bought fowls of similar variety have shown themselves insusceptible, as have fowls of mixed breed, pigeons and guinea-pigs. The percentage of successful transplantations has been small, but in the individuals developing a tumor its growth has been fairly rapid. Young chickens are more susceptible than adults. The reinoculation of negative fowls has never resulted in a growth. Throughout, the sarcoma has remained true to type. It is infiltrative and destructive. Metastasis has been observed once (to the heart). Experiments to determine whether the growth may be transmitted by cell-fragments have not yet been made. Repeated bacteriological examinations have yielded negative results. In its general behavior, so far as tested, this avian tumor closely resembles the typical mammalian neoplasms that are transplantable.
We agree with Jores and others that not one but many factors may be at work leading to intimal hyperplasia. Among these factors may be mentioned infection, bacterial toxins, organic poisons, inflammation and increased arterial tension. The theory of Thoma that the connective tissue developed in the intima is compensatory cannot be sustained. From the evidence which we have at hand it is not possible to state that the proliferative changes in the intima are uniformly secondary to the weakening of the media. Common influences may act simultaneously upon the media and the intima. Progressive medial degeneration of the peripheral arteries (Moenckeberg's sclerosis) is the result of muscle fatigue coupled with nutritional disturbance.
In the vast majority of cases examined in this laboratory the result of the Wassermann test was simply confirmatory of the clinical findings, but there were numerous suspicious cases, or cases in which symptoms were present and the patient denied a specific history, in which the test was of the greatest value, and it is in such instances, perhaps, that it may be regarded as "the court of last resort " in arriving at a conclusion regarding the nature of the condition present. Certainly if there is any value in experience and statistics, we are justified in regarding this test as the most valuable means we possess of diagnosing lues, and our experience with the Noguchi modification of the test has justified all that has been claimed for that method. We believe that our results have proven that by the use of the complement fixation test in the military service it is possible to prevent the enlistment of men suffering from latent lues who would otherwise be enlisted; to control specific treatment by using it as an index of the efficiency of such treatment; to clear up the diagnosis of obscure or suspicious cases; and to enable the surgeon to avoid mistakes in discharges for disability in cases suspected of this disease. Owing to the facility with which clinical observations can be made in armies, and the control that is possible of tested individuals, it is to be hoped that the Noguchi modification of the complement fixation test will be more widely used than it has been in the military services, for which we believe it is especially adapted. So far as we are aware the Medical Department of our army is the first to adopt this test as a routine diagnostic procedure and to apply it in the case of applicants for enlistment.
1. Nearly all livers at autopsy contain fat which is histologically demonstrable. 2. Fatty substances in the liver appear chiefly in two forms, as small granules and as globules of various sizes. 3. We suppose that granules indicate the (protoplasmic) change commonly spoken of as fatty degeneration, and that globules of small size are excess of fat, stored up by reason of some pathological change which may be merely temporary. 4. Fat is oftenest central, least often in the mid-zone. 5. A heavy deposit of fat is compatible with a competent liver. 6. Intense fattiness, generally globular, occurs with intoxications of bacterial and chemical nature, as well as in cases where a complex toxin is manufactured by the body-cells. 7. Granular fat occurs oftener than globular: it affects most often the central zone; globular affects most often the peripheral. 8. " Accidental " masses of globular fat are found at times, and appear to follow no rule of position: these are comparable to lipomata, which are evidently the result of a pathological process. 9. We found no deposit of fat characteristic of uremia. 10 We know of no analysis of the liver fats in the granular and globular states respectively: it seems to have been taken for granted that the deposits were one and the same. To determine the relationship, if any, between these two forms should be the basis of investigation.
Bicarbonate of soda fed in varying quantities over a period of months has no direct effect upon the catalytic activity of the blood. When fed to rabbits, it invariably causes a slight albuminuria and occasional casts. The kidneys of pregnant animals, especially in the later stages of pregnancy, seem to be more susceptible to this salt, and in some instances there may be complete suppression of urine followed by death. In these cases there is a decline in the catalytic activity of the blood similar to that observed in cases of acute nephritis, following the administration of uranium nitrate. The subcutaneous injection of salts is impracticable on account of the slow absorption. In intravenous injections it is important to make observations during the injection and at short intervals after the injection has been discontinued, since there is a rapid compensation on the part of the organism with a return of the normal catalytic activity of the blood. The simple diluting effect brought about by the injection of distilled water into the circulation manifests itself as a slight transitory decrease in the catalytic activity of the blood. This must be taken into consideration when estimating the effect of the injection of solutions of salt upon the catalase of the blood. Salts, such as sodium chloride, sodium bicarbonate, sodium sulphate and potassium iodide, acids, such as sulphuric, and alkalies, such as sodium hydrate, cause a definite decrease in the catalytic activity of the blood. This decrease varies directly with the concentration of the salt. The organism compensates rapidly and brings about a return to the normal activity. This compensation becomes less and less complete as larger quantities or repeated infusions are made. For example, twenty cubic centimeters of a five per cent. bicarbonate of soda solution causes a marked fall in the catalytic action of the blood. This is rapidly recovered from in from one to five minutes, and then a much more marked fall in the activity, requiring a longer time for compensation, occurs after the injection of six cubic centimeters of the same solution. It is of interest to note that sodium sulphate and potassium iodide, which have been shown to accelerate the catalytic activity of liver extract in the test-tube, have an inhibiting effect on the action of the blood when injected intravenously. This is only another instance of the dangers to be encountered from the immediate application of test-tube experiments to the living organism. The inhalation of carbon dioxide gas, even until convulsions are manifested, is without effect on the catalytic activity of the blood. On the other hand, there is a definite decline in this activity following the administration of illuminating gas. In this respect our results are directly at variance with those of Jolles.
Nitrogen equivalent to about 35 per cent of the nitrogen intake, though not necessarily derived directly from it, is daily secreted in the succus entericus in dogs on a mixed diet; about 10 per cent is excreted in the feces. and about 25 per cent is reabsorbed. The amount of reabsorbed nitrogen-containing material is considerably larger if the bile and pancreatic secretion are included. The metabolic significance of this reabsorption can only be surmised. That it is probably of great importance is indicated by the fact that in the experiments here recorded the amount of nitrogen reabsorbed equaled approximately 25 per cent of the nitrogen intake.
Injections of adrenalin or other substances into the lumbar muscles of rabbits are followed by a rapid absorption in whole or in part of these substances. The rapid absorption is not due to the needle being within a vein or to the tearing of veins by the needle during its insertion. Similar injections into gluteal muscles fail to give reliable results.
1. About 19 per cent. of the dry weight of the normal pig testicle is fatty matter. Histologically this fat occurs largely in the cells of the seminal tubules, and especially in the Sertoli cells. 2. During spermatogenesis the fat of the Sertoli cell passes inward for the nutrition of the spermatids and spermatozoa. During this passage its character is altered from a neutral fat to a lipoid. 3. About 30 per cent. of the dry weight of the cryptorchid pig testicle is fatty material. Histologically this fat lies within the seminal tubules, partially filling the Sertoli cells. The spermatogenic cells have completely disappeared. 4. We conclude that the presence of such an excessive amount of fat in the cryptorchid testicle is due to the absence of the spermatogenic cells which normally utilize during their development the fat furnished by the Sertoli cells.
In the cultivation of Bacillus leprae the initial multiplication outside the body cannot be obtained unless amino-acids are present in the medium. The amino-acids are believed to be essential nutritives for the initial growth of the organisms. It has been demonstrated that the primary growth of the leprosy bacilli occurs only in the presence of the products of tryptic digestion. Hence, putrefactive and other bacteria which are capable of splitting nucleo-proteids into their end acid products are, in consequence, of value in the isolation and cultivation of the leprosy bacilli. Amebae are not necessary for securing the primary multiplication of the leprosy bacilli upon artificial media and are detrimental since they feed with avidity upon the bacilli themselves. Two methods may be employed for recovering in culture Bacillus leprae from the tissues. In one (the direct), tryptophane or a mixture of albumen and trypsin are employed with a culture medium; in the other (indirect), bacterial species capable of digesting the albumen constituent of the culture medium are introduced into the medium. In both, the end result is identical, since they both provide for the presence of the amino-acids in the medium, without which the primary multiplication of the leprosy bacilli cannot be secured.
The thyroid gland of mammals can be cultivated outside the body. The proliferated elements consist of connective tissue and epithelial cells, the former predominating. The cells survive in cultures for two weeks or longer, which period can be increased by secondary and sometimes by tertiary cultivations. It is to be noted that the method of growing in vitro organs such as the thyroid gland may come to be used with advantage in the study of the substances concerned with the internal secretion of certain glands.
1. Intravascular agglutination can occur, and is the probable cause of occasional untoward symptoms, or even death, following transfusion of agglutinative blood. In the majority of cases, however, it does not occur, or if it does, it causes no symptoms. This is dependent on the influence of three factors: (1) concentration of the agglutinin; (2) absorption of the agglutinin by an excess of agglutinable cells; (3) interference with agglutination by an excess of non-agglutinable cells, so that when clumps occur they are microscopic in size. 2. If, for a given transfusion, a non-agglutinative donor, i. e., a donor whose blood is of the same agglutinative class as the patient's, can not be obtained, then it is safer to use a person whose serum is agglutinative toward the patient's cells than one whose cells are agglutinated by the patient's serum. 3. Tests for agglutination, as well as for hemolysis, ought to be made before transfusion. When time does not permit this, one has to weigh the possible dangers of agglutination or hemolysis against the dangers of letting the patient go without transfusion. 4. Agglutinable cells when transfused are taken up by the phagocytes in the patient's blood; and, for this reason) the transfusion of agglutinable blood, even when no accident happens, can be expected to do little permanent good.
In a series of observations upon the thyroids of brook trout, extending from the time of hatching to fish of four or more years old, we have been able to follow step by step the development of thyroid hyperplasia. In these hatchery trout, thyroid overgrowth may be recognized anatomically at the end of the second month of extra-oval life. Under the conditions in which these fish live, the thyroid overgrowth progressively increases, at first filling the aortic space and then invading the surrounding bone and muscle. In our series, this extension into the adjacent tissues was not recognizable until the fourth month of extra-oval life. The time when invasion of the surrounding tissues is first noticed is, of course, subject to great variation in different years and different hatcheries, depending on the general hygienic conditions, food, water supply, etc. If the growth continues, as it usually does, throughout the rapid growing period of the fish, it may first be detected clinically by a reddening of the pharyngeal floor as the thyroid tissue spreads to the submucosa. Later, definite external goitres appear ventrally. These may be present as early as the sixth month of life. The thyroid being, as in mammals, most active during the growing period, the greatest number of visible goitres appear during the second and third years of life. In older fish the thyroid again becomes less active and there is a tendency toward spontaneous recovery. There is no noteworthy change in the anatomical appearance of the thyroid growth, whether seen in very young or in older fish, other than that clearly dependent on the age of the fish, mechanical factors, as size of the goitre, and complicating factors, as infection, hemorrhage, degeneration, etc. There exists, therefore, no anatomical basis for the diagnosis of cancer in the older fish that is not also present in the youngest fish with thyroid hyperplasia. All the appearances of invasion, atypical cell growth, etc. are the results of the progressive growth and consequent extension of a non-encapsulated epithelial tissue along the paths of least resistance. In many of the larger goitres there are more or less distinct areas of thyroid hyperplasia, histologically different from the surrounding thyroid tissue, which we look upon as benign tumors comparable to the benign tumors seen in human goitres. We class them as tumors because they do not react with iodin as does the ordinary hyperplasia. To call these tumors cancer is going beyond our present knowledge and is unjustified, even though analogy with mammalian tumors suggests that certain ones might proceed to true carcinomata. The most common type of the benign tumors is the arborescent-papillomatous form and its many modifications. Infection is a frequent complication in the larger goitres, for the reasons given. It is necessary to recognize this factor in interpreting the histological conditions met with, as otherwise, using mammalian standards, some of the appearances observed could easily be mistaken for sarcoma. The effect of iodin on the thyroid hyperplasia has been studied in the early, middle, and late stages. All stages react with iodin, the mild degrees seemingly more rapidly than the severer degrees. Thus the early stages undergo involution in from two to three weeks, while the late stages may require one to two months. The process, therefore, is slower than the iodin reaction time in mammalian hyperplasia. True tumors do not react with iodin as does ordinary hyperplasia. Infection or other complication modifies the reaction. The reaction with iodin is a specific test for functional hyperplasia of the thyroid. As we have not been able to find any stage in the process that does not react with iodin, we must conclude that there is none that may be looked upon biologically as cancer. Just as iodin invariably stops the hyperplasia and causes the thyroid to return to the colloid or resting state (from which it may undergo hyperplasia a second, third, or more times, exactly as in mammals), so also spontaneous involution occurs when the fish are transferred to a natural environment. This spontaneous involution has been followed in experiments and has been seen in examples taken at random from the streams. We have never seen an exception to this rule, save in the case of true tumors. As pointed out above, recovery does not imply a disappearance of the goitre; it implies a cessation of growth and return of the active hyperplasia to the colloid or resting stage. Thyroid hyperplasia is a compensatory reaction, the exact cause of which is still to be sought. There is no evidence that in fish or in man it is either infectious or contagious. All the biological data at present available favor the view that fish goitre in common with mammalian goitre is the symptomatic manifestation of a metabolic and nutritional disturbance. There are three major conditions which, in some way still obscure, influence the thyroid growth; namely, a limited water supply, overcrowding, and overfeeding with a highly artificial and incomplete food. The water of the hatchery observed is not intrinsically goitre-producing, as the fish will not develop goitre unless at least the factor of overfeeding with an incomplete food operates at the same time. On the other hand, they recover if the overfeeding and overcrowding are corrected, although they remain in the same water. Therefore it seems probable that the food is the major factor acting to bring about a fault of nutrition favorable for goitre development. It is impossible at this time to suggest what elements in the food may be at fault, whether, for example, it is deficiency or excess or disproportion in the relative food values.
1. It has been shown that hemoglobin in solution or within the red blood corpuscles can be oxidized by hydrogen peroxid to form a colorless substance capable of manifesting a microchemical reaction for iron, the type of the reaction depending upon the degree of oxidation. 2. It has been further shown that hematin and hemin, when treated with hydrogen peroxid, are decolorized. The colorless or nearly colorless body, preserving the form of the original body and being an intermediate product of its oxidation, will also exhibit a typical reaction for iron. 3. A method has been described for obtaining microchemical reaction for iron from hemoglobin and its various modifications and iron-containing derivatives, from tissue cells, from cell nuclei, and from eosinophil granules, by an appropriate degree of oxidation with hydrogen peroxid.
This investigation is very limited and the number of patients treated is few, yet the following conclusions may not be amiss:- 1. The vaccine in no instance did harm, and the reactions in the majority were very mild and of short duration. 2. Cases in which bacteriologically B. dysenteriae were proved to be present, but in a clinically unrecognizable form, were not affected differently from those which were culturally negative. This may in part be due to the fact that this mode of vaccination produces an immediate passive immunity, while the bacterial vaccine is producing an active immunity. 3. The work is of interest and holds out a possible means of preventing the great mortality from infantile dysentery during the summer months.
1. The transplantable sarcomata of rats and mice grow very readily by the method of cultivating tissues in vitro. 2. Sarcomatous tissue grows in conformity to a type which may be regarded as characteristic for tissues of mesenchymal origin. 3. The growth of sarcoma cells in vitro consists in ameboid wandering into the surrounding plasma, karyokinetic proliferation. and evidences of active metabolism on the part of the cells. 4. Mouse carcinomata can be cultivated in vitro. The outgrowth of carcinoma cells assumes a sheet-like form, only one cell in thickness. They migrate into the plasma by ameboid movement, the advancing edge showing numerous prolongations of the cytoplasm into pseudopods. 5. Karyokinetic figures are frequently seen in growing carcinoma cells. The cells show evidences of active metabolism. 6. Both sarcoma and carcinoma cells cultivated in vitro show active phagocytosis; carmin particles placed in the plasma are taken up rapidly by the growing cells.
1. Sarcoma cultivated in plasma from immune animals grows quite as vigorously as in plasma from normal and tumor-bearing animals, thus affording further proof of the absence of specific cytolytic substances in the body fluids of animals immune to transplantable cancer. 2. Animals may be successfully inoculated with sarcoma cultivated in vitro, although, in the case of rat sarcoma, there is evidence of diminished virulence. 3. Subcultures of sarcoma cultivated in vitro may be made by transferring to fresh plasma the original piece of tissue, or a portion of the outgrowth. The duration of life of sarcoma cells under these conditions seems dependent only on a renewal of the medium.
Grouped isoagglutination is not limited to man, but is much more widespread than has been hitherto suspected. It occurs in the bloods of steers and rabbits. It seems probable that it will be found to occur in the bloods of other animals. Just how many of the isoagglutinins and the isoagglutinable substances in different species are respectively identical is still to be determined. The work is being continued with other animals.
Strychnin and adrenalin when injected into cardiectomized frogs are efficiently distributed all over the animal body and when administered in sufficient quantities produce the usual reactions of these alkaloids. The experiments with strychnin prove positively that the paralysing effect of this poison is due to its direct action upon the nerve cells of the cord, and not, as Verworn assumes, to a paralysing action upon the heart. When morphin is injected into cardiectomized frogs the effects are much greater and incomparably more rapid than when administered to a normal frog. The normal circulation probably contains substances derived from some organs capable of modifying and retarding the specific effects of morphin. The distribution of solutions in animals deprived of their circulatory apparatus takes place through the tissue spaces, which present a more or less well connected system of communications throughout the entire animal body, especially through its peripheral parts. This mode of distribution is designated as the peripheral mechanism. In contrast to the centralizing cardiovascular apparatus, the peripheral mechanism permits a greater autonomous action of organs and a more localising effect of injections. The peripheral mechanism found to be active in animals deprived of their circulation is probably identical with the mechanism which serves for distribution of the mesolymph in living animals not yet possessing a circulatory apparatus. The existence of the peripheral mechanism in animals with a cardiovascular apparatus possesses probably a phylogenetic significance. It is assumed that the activity of the peripheral mechanism is probably not completely suppressed even in the presence of a normally acting circulatory apparatus; that it exerts a greater physiological influence in parts in which the circulation is normally some-what difficult; and that it unfolds an activity in pathological conditions in which the circulation has been eliminated or reduced in some parts of the body, or in which the energy of the entire circulation has been reduced.
It may be concluded that the degree of dilution of the culture medium has a marked influence on the rate of growth of splenic tissue. The maximum acceleration was obtained in a medium composed of three volumes of normal plasma and two volumes of distilled water. The growth in this hypotonic plasma was very much larger than in normal plasma. On the contrary, the growth of the spleen in hypertonic plasma was always less than in normal plasma. In other experiments, we found that in diluted plasma there was also an acceleration of the growth of the skin, the heart, and the liver of chickens. The skin of adult frogs also grew more actively in this plasma. The optimum degree of dilution varied according to the nature of the tissues and to the species of the animals. While the plasma containing two fifths distilled water produced the largest growth of splenic tissue, a slightly less diluted medium was more favorable for the liver and the heart, and generally for the skin also. The action of hypertonic plasma varied also in a large measure. While the spleen did not grow at all in the medium containing 0.0124 and 0.0144 sodium chlorid, the skin, on the other hand, could stand a high concentration of the sodium chlorid. Even its growth was activated in media containing 0.0094 and 0.0124 sodium chlorid and was greater than with normal plasma. The spleen of kittens was very easily affected by the changes of the dilution of the plasma, while the skin of the frog presented its best growth in plasma containing one half distilled water. Marked variations in the sensitiveness of tissues to hypertonic and hypotonic media will probably be observed in animals of different species. From these experiments, three conclusions can be drawn: namely, that certain laws of growth, discovered by Loeb, in lower organisms are true also for higher organisms; that normal plasma is not the optimum medium for the growth of tissue; and that each tissue has probably its optimum medium. The growth of the spleen is, without doubt, considerably modified by the variations of the dilution and perhaps of the osmotic tension of the plasma. It is possible then that the influence of osmotic tension, discovered by Loeb, in the growth of certain organisms, is a general law applicable as well to higher forms of life- frogs, cats, and chickens-as to lower organisms-tubularia and sea-urchins. In placing tubularia in different dilutions of sea-water and distilled water, Loeb found that the greatest rate of regeneration was observed when two volumes of distilled water were added to three volumes of sea-water. But fertilized eggs of sea-urchins were more sensitive to the action of hypertonic plasma, and they all died in a dilution of sea-water with two fifths distilled water. If only one fifth distilled water was added to the sea-water they developed normally. We found that the cells of certain tissues of the chicken follow a similar rule, since the maximal growth of the spleen is obtained in plasma containing two fifths distilled water, while other tissues grow better in a less hypotonic medium. Normal plasma is certainly not the ideal medium for the growth of tissues, since slight modifications of the tension, the alkalinity, or the addition of certain inorganic salts to normal plasma, increase the rate of the growth of tissues.
Before proceeding to a discussion of the experiments upon cold-blooded animals, it is necessary to review briefly some of the work recently done with the bacillus of leprosy. The appearance of the bacillus in man and its behavior under artificial cultivation, and in the tissues of lower animals, should be considered in order that comparisons may be drawn. In their studies with the organism under cultivation, Duval and Gurd pointed out that the long, slender, and beaded appearance of the leprosy bacillus described by Hansen, in 1872, is lost when removed for several generations from the parent stem, and under artificial cultivation the organism becomes unbeaded, short, and coccoid. Duval also noted that these changes in morphology were always followed by rapid multiplication of the organism. Duval argues, a priori, that the bacillus is not in a favorable environment in the human tissues. If these deductions are correct, the morphology of the leprosy bacillus should vary according to the resistance offered by the tissues of different animals. The resistance of the human host to the leprosy bacillus becomes more evident in the light of the clinical aspect of the disease. The long period of incubation, the duration of the disease, and the disappearance of the bacilli preceding the healing of the infected foci show that the resistance offered to the bacillus by the human tissues is not to be overestimated. This opinion is confirmed when the behavior of the leprosy bacillus under cultivation and in the tissues of various mammals is compared. When cats, rabbits, bats, guinea pigs, and rats are inoculated either below the skin or into the peritoneal cavity with large quantities of Bacillus leprae, a slight local reaction follows within twenty-four to forty-eight hours, but no definite lesions are produced and the bacilli soon disappear. The resistance of some animals to Bacillus leprae is well illustrated by two cats which were inoculated subcutaneously and intraperitoneally with a heavy suspension of Bacillus leprae. These animals were killed and examined three days later, but the bacilli were not demonstrable from the regions about the sites of inoculation. Pigeons are likewise refractory. It is impossible to cause a local reaction in these birds, and the injected bacilli disappear rapidly. Hence, probably no multiplication takes place in them. Goats, young pigs, and white and dancing mice are in a degree susceptible to injections, and though undoubted lesions are produced, and multiplication of the bacilli occurs, the lesions and bacilli disappear after a limited time. Acid-fast bacilli which are recovered from the lesions are long, slim, and beaded, though the organisms used in the inoculations were short, unbeaded, and coccoid. Monkeys inoculated with cultures of the short unbeaded forms react promptly. The lesions resulting, though confined in most instances to the site of inoculation, occasionally appear at distant points. The number of bacilli present in the nodules and their arrangement within typical lepra cells show that multiplication has taken place. The organism has, however, changed from the short coccoid form to the long, slender, beaded form. Though the lesions induced and the bacilli present are in every way similar to those found in man, their tendency to disappear gradually after a quiescent stage clearly denotes that the tissues of the monkey, although less refractory than the tissues of the animals previously mentioned, still offer resistance to invasion. While mammals react but poorly to inoculations of the leprosy bacillus, this reaction manifests itself in various ways in different species. For example, while multiplication of the organism with the production of lesions occurs in some species, in others that are more refractory, the injected bacilli assume the involuted or beaded forms and do not multiply or produce lesions; in others, still more resistant to the action of the leprosy bacillus, the organisms quickly undergo granular metamorphosis and disappear. Furthermore, in some species the lesions are, in most instances, limited to the site of inoculation, and though presenting all the characteristics of the lesion in man, the nodules and the bacilli disappear after a variable time. This behavior of the leprosy bacillus can be accounted for only by the degree of resistance offered by the tissues of the individual host. Since the morphology of the organism invariably changes from the short coccoid to the large beaded form when placed in insusceptible animals, and conversely, from the long beaded forms to the short coccoid forms when placed in susceptible animals, the deduction can be drawn that the organism varies in morphology and rapidity of growth according to the susceptibility of the host. Examples of similar behavior of Bacillus leprae in the human subject are known to all investigators of leprosy. Ulcers and nodular areas often heal, and the bacilli disappear with little or no treatment. It is true that while older lesions are healing, new ones are constantly appearing, yet the duration of the disease and its undoubted tendency towards healing shows that conditions in the human subject are variable, and suggests that the organism has its natural habitat in some other host. The experiments presented here serve to show that the bacillus of leprosy meets but little or no resistance in the tissues of cold-blooded animals, multiplies in their tissues, and may be harbored by them without apparent discomfort or external evidence of the disease. That no appreciable resistance is offered to the multiplication of the leprosy bacillus by many species of cold-blooded animals is shown by the fact that aside from the trauma produced by the inoculation and the slight initial reaction of the tissues, the organism continues to grow profusely, and to invade the tissues without further reaction. Quite the opposite condition occurs in mammals: in some of these the leprosy bacillus degenerates into a granular mass shortly after inoculation; in others that are less refractory, typical lesions appear, but they seldom extend from the point of inoculation; and while the bacilli multiply slowly, they do not infiltrate the tissues, but disappear after a short time, the lesions healing. That multiplication of Bacillus leprae occurs in the tissues of cold-blooded animals is shown by the fact that while animals examined a few days after inoculation show but a few scattered organisms, those killed at longer intervals show a proportional increase in the number of bacilli. Furthermore, the few bacilli found at the early-period are extracellular and scattered, while after longer periods they tend to be massed and enclosed in large lepra cells. The supposition that these lepra cells are phagocytes has naturally arisen. Duval holds that they are not phagocytes in the true sense of the term, that the bacilli penetrate the cells rather than that the cells engulf them, after which, finding conditions for growth favorable, they multiply without causing serious injury to the cell. The size of the cell depends upon the size of the colony within. The experimental work bears out this view since the decrease in number of the organisms observed in animals killed shortly after inoculation depends not upon phagocytic action nor upon cells which appear later when active lesions are established. In early lesions, the lepra cells are smaller, barely measuring twenty to thirty microns in diameter, and contain but few bacilli; whereas in older ones, they attain a diameter of 100 microns or even more, and contain enormous numbers of bacilli. Were this increase in size due to phagocytic action, some cells would be found in which the limit of their capacity had been reached; and they would either contain a mass of dead and disintegrated bacteria or would themselves show evidence of disintegration. On the contrary, the bacilli, though they occupy most of the cell, show no signs of disintegration, and the nucleus and the cytoplasm of the cell retain normal staining properties. That the invasion and multiplication of the bacilli cause an irritation is evident by the amitotic divisions of the nucleus which occur in the larger cells. The absence of external evidence of invasion by Bacillus leprae in cold-blooded animals, and the apparent lack of discomfort caused by the presence of the organism within their tissues, are points which should be remembered in considering the sources from which leprosy may be transmitted. In not a single instance in the numerous experiments presented here would it have been possible, from any external sign, to suspect that the animals were harboring multitudes of leprosy bacilli. While the evidence in support of the opinion that leprosy may be transmitted from man to man appears sufficiently strong to warrant this belief, the number of cases in which infection can be actually traced to this source is small. Since leprosy is known to be prevalent where fish and sea-food are plentiful, and since the experiments here recorded prove that fish can be infected by being fed cultures of Bacillus leprae, or nodules from human lepers, or bits of fish previously infected with the leprosy organism, account should be taken of the possibility that leprosy, in certain localities, may arise from this source of infection. The question as to how and from what source leprosy bacilli enter the human body may be still regarded as an open one. Isolated examples of direct infection of healthy human beings from lepers have been reported by Arning and Nonne, by Manson, and others. The notion that the agency of infection is already infected human beings, that is lepers, is at the foundation of the modern practice of the isolation and segregation of lepers, which would seem to have brought about a definite decrease in the prevalence of the disease. (ABSTRACT TRUNCATED)
Small encapsulated tumors of the size of peas, or even smaller, are occasionally found in the pancreas. These tumors are benign, and have a structure similar in all respects to that of an hypertrophied island of Langerhans. The distinctions between adenomata and forms of regenerative hypertrophy, sometimes so difficult to make in the breast, prostate, liver, and other organs, is not easily drawn in the present case. The fact that one may encounter all gradations in the size of islands, from that of the normal island to that of the tumors, suggests that it is more reasonable to consider such tumors merely as hypertrophied islands rather than as adenomata originating from islands.
The foregoing experiments clearly justify the following conclusions :- Intratracheal insufflation protects the respiratory tract very efficiently against any invasion from the pharynx. The filling up of the pharynx with extraneous material, whether it be from the stomach or from the mouth, brings no danger to the trachea and bronchi. This holds true even if the animal is under deep anesthesia. On the other hand, the presence of a tube in the trachea or larynx without the protection of an effective recurrent air stream, definitely facilitates the entrance of foreign material from the pharynx into the trachea. Anesthesia, which removes the protective action of deglutition, greatly increases the danger from aspiration in these cases.
These experiments have shown that salvarsan is a comparatively inactive drug when applied directly to nerve and muscle tissue of the frog. In perfusion experiments with alkaline solutions, no detrimental action whatever was to be seen either upon direct or indirect irritability. In bathing .experiments, in which the concentration of the salvarsan in the various solutions was surely much higher than that in which it reaches the peripheral tissues in the human subject through the circulation, the loss of irritability occurred only after a long period of exposure to the drug.
1. In our examinations, only 38 per cent. of the infections of the respiratory tract below the glottis were pure, and this percentage was reached only by carefully following Kitasato's method of handling sputa. 2. Lobar pneumonia may produce sputum free from pneumococci, and may undoubtedly be caused by organisms other than thepneumococcus. 3. There is found a marked yearly variation in the organisms which excite inflammation of the respiratory tract. 4. Micrococcus catarrhalis is usually considered a common secondary invader; but it may, and probably frequently does, assume pathogenic properties.
In hearts showing auricular fibrillation mechanical stimulation of the right vagus nerve causes, as a rule, marked slowing or stoppage of ventricular rhythm, without producing any appreciable effect in the electrocardiographic record of the auricular fibrillation. The ventricular pauses are apparently due to the blocking of stimuli from the auricles. The force of ventricular systole is distinctly weakened for several beats after vagus stimulation, and ectopic ventricular systoles have been seen in several instances, apparently the result of the vagus action. There may, in some cases, be lowered excitability of the ventricles, while no constant change is seen in the size of the electrical complexes representing ventricular systole.
The Wassermann reaction in scarlet fever per se is uniformly negative. The antigen of scarlet fever liver yields practically the same results as that of luetic liver, and both fail to deviate complement with scarlet fever antibodies. The Noguchi reaction in scarlet fever is practically negative. Sixteen cases, or 6.4 per cent. of 250 cases, were positive when active serum was used; with inactivated serum, but eleven, or 4.4 per cent., remained positive. Five of these eleven cases were also positive with the Wassermann system. In other words, sixteen cases, or 6.4 per cent., were positive according to the Noguchi system with active or inactivated serum or both, whereas with the Wassermann system only 2 per cent. were positive. The presence of anti-sheep hemolysin normally in human serum is one of the main disturbing factors in the Wassermann system; for this reason, complement and hemolysin (made by immunization of rabbits) require careful titration. A positive Wassermann reaction usually indicates the presence of syphilitic antibodies, and a negative Noguchi reaction, their absence, and both systems should be used in the examination of all cases.
The intravenous infusion of 0.5 per cent. acid "606" causes a weakening of the heart which is usually fatal. The intravenous infusion of 0.5 per cent. alkaline "606" causes no marked apparent effect upon the heart, but its factors of safety may be so reduced in some instances that a slight extra strain produces fibrillation and death.
In the test tube, sodium linoleate and sodium linolenate kill and dissolve virulent pneumococci more rapidly and in higher dilutions than sodium oleate; otherwise their action is the same. The intensity of action on the cocci is directly proportional to the degree of unsaturation of the acid. Blood serum inhibits the bacteriolytic and hemolytic action of unsaturated soaps partially or completely, according to definitive quantitative relations between serum and soap. Small quantities of serum completely inhibit the action of dilute soap solutions, but even whole serum does not prevent bacteriolysis and hemolysis by relatively concentrated soap solutions, i. e. 1 per cent. and 0.5 per cent. A given quantity of serum inhibits the action of the soaps in inverse ratio to their degree of unsaturation. The hemolytic and bacteriolytic action of soaps of the unsaturated fatty acids is probably due in part to their avidity for protein and not wholly to their ability to dissolve lipoids. Attempts to prevent serum inhibition of the lytic action of sodium linoleate and sodium linolenate were unsuccessful. The more unsaturated soaps are not as efficient in preventing fatal pneumococcic infection of animals as sodium oleate.
By repeatedly withdrawing, defibrinating, and reinjecting blood, the platelet count in dogs can be reduced to an extremely low level. When the reduction in platelets and fibrinogen has been carried to an extreme degree the animals display a marked tendency to bleed. The regeneration of platelets after their removal by defibrination is remarkably rapid and amounts, on an average, to about one fifth of the entire number in the blood per day. From the experiments and from observations on the platelet count in human beings, it is believed that under the usual conditions of life platelets are utilized or destroyed and replaced in enormous numbers daily, and that the life cycle of the platelet is extremely short,-possibly a matter of a few days.
The contents of the stomach and small intestine of normal rabbits, kept on a diet poor in easily convertible carbohydrates, when removed immediately after killing the animal (by clamping the trachea), usually contain a very small but measurable amount of dextrose (reducing substances). A preceding nephrectomy does not increase the amounts of the dextrose in these viscera. An intravenous injection of dextrose, if given in a sufficient quantity in a unit of time, causes a definite excretion, or increase of excretion, into the small intestine and the stomach. The amount of excretion, however, is incomparably smaller than the amount eliminated through the kidneys. A preceding double nephrectomy increases the gastro-intestinal elimination of the intravenously injected dextrose. The increase, however, is far too small to be considered in the light of a functional compensation for the loss of the considerable elimination through the kidneys.
THE FOLLOWING CONCLUSIONS MAY BE DRAWN FROM AN ANALYSIS OF THE PROTOCOLS: 1. The chlorin output is very much diminished during the process of experimental pneumonia in dogs (tables I and II). The quantity of chlorin retained in the cases with well developed exudates (table I) is much larger than the exudate could account for. 2. Turpentine pleurisy in dogs (tables III and IV) also is associated with a retention of chlorin, but this is not so marked as in pneumonia. There is no direct quantitative relation between the water output and the chlorin excretion. 3. The rabbits with pneumococcal septicemia (tables V and VI) did not retain chlorin in any phase of the disease, a fact which Hutchison has also noticed. It seems justifiable to conclude that the retention of chlorin in the organism in the course of pneumonia is conditioned by more than one factor. The formation of the exudate is one of these factors, but it alone is not capable of producing the same degree of chlorin retention as occurs in pneumonia. The additional factors are not yet determined; but it may be stated that the retention of chlorin is probably not due to the general effect of the pneumococcus on the organism or to its injury to the kidney. The principal cause of the retention seems, therefore, to be due to local changes associated with the pulmonary condition.
A few findings which seem to be of importance may be pointed out:- Table I shows the analytical figures of serum-albumin, serum-globulin, and fibrin of the normal dog. The main difference between albumin and globulin appears in the relation of the precipitable to the non-precipitable total nitrogen and amino-nitrogen. Precipitable total nitrogen as well as amino-nitrogen is considerably larger in the albumin than in the globulin. In the cases of uranium nitrate nephritis (table II), the important figures approximate very closely those of normal serum-albumin. The samples from dog 3, that had been poisoned at the same time with phosphorous oil and uranium nitrate, show relatively large variations as compared with the figures from specimens from the other dogs, chiefly as regards the amino-nitrogen distribution: i. e., in dog 3, (1) the amount of amino-nitrogen to the total nitrogen in the solution before precipitation is higher; (2) the percentage of precipitable amino-nitrogen is larger; and (3) the ratio of precipitable amino-nitrogen to precipitable total nitrogen exceeds that of the other cases. All these changes, together with the fact that the total precipitable nitrogen did not undergo any quantitative variation, suggest that in the case of dog 3 the analyzed material contained a higher amount of lysin or cystin. It may further be mentioned that the analytical figures in this case differ also from those of the normal serum-albumin and still more from those of the serum-globulin. These changes, however, were not found in the case of dog 4, although this animal was treated in the same manner as the preceding dog. In the cases of nephritis in man (table III), striking differences were met with in the case of acute scarlet fever nephritis (No. 1a) and in the case (No. 2) of a patient with chronic nephritis and Pott's disease. This patient died a few weeks after the specimen for analysis was collected. The autopsy showed a general amyloidosis. The variations in both cases consist in a lowering of the ratio of amino-nitrogen to total nitrogen in the solution before precipitation, and corresponding to this, a fall of the same ratio in the filterable nitrogen. Such a change points to a relatively larger amount of prolin and oxyprolin or tryptophan in these cases. As a whole, one may conclude that Van Slyke's method, carefully applied and sufficiently controlled, may also be used for the study of urinary albumin. The results already obtained indicate that definite differences in the composition of urinary "albumin" may be detected. As yet it is premature to establish a definite relationship between the chemical composition of the "albumin" and the clinical or pathological conditions under which it appears, but it seems hopeful that further work may lead to the finding of such a relationship.
The physiological study of experimental nephritis caused by poisons of bacterial origin demonstrates that the poisons may produce types of nephritis in which either vascular or tubular changes predominate. Diphtheria toxin produces a nephritis which in its late stage is of the vascular type, but in its early stage is distinctly tubular. Tuberculin and mallein uniformly cause lesions of the tubular type, which do not pass into the vascular type. Nephrotoxic and hemolytic immune sera cause changes in the kidneys which by physiological methods of observation present no evidence of vascular injury, but which are anatomically characterized by exudative glomerular lesions of moderate severity. This discrepancy between the results of anatomical and physiological study indicates that a lesion of the membrane controlling the passage of fluids may occur without alteration in the power of the vessels to contract and dilate. This fact is shown clearly by the lesion caused by hemolytic immune serum, which is in sharp contrast to the lesion caused by diphtheria toxin, since the latter substance not only alters the permeability of the membranes but also influences markedly the power of the vessels to contract and dilate. It is necessary therefore if the term "vascular" is used in its broadest sense, to recognize three types of vascular nephritis: (1) one in which little or no anatomical evidence of vascular injury is found, but in which physiological methods show profound vascular changes, as in arsenical nephritis; (2) one in which anatomical evidence of vascular (exudative) injury is prominent, but in which the physiological tests are negative, as in nephritis caused by a hemolytic immune serum; and (3) one in which both anatomical and physiological changes are prominent, as in diphtheria toxin nephritis.
1. Uranium and cantharidin, in the smallest doses capable of producing a distinct nephritis, tend to increase the elimination of nitrogen, probably by stimulating tissue katabolism. 2. Uranium, cantharidin, and potassium chromate, in larger doses, impair the power of the kidney to eliminate nitrogen; but this may not be evident unless the animal is on a high nitrogen diet, and the impairment, when due to potassium chromate, may not persist more than a day. 3. Small doses of uranium and of cantharidin cause a transient increase of chloride elimination which corresponds in a general way to the excess of diuresis. 4. Large doses of uranium and of chromate cause a fall, usually transient, in the chloride elimination. The chloride elimination may, however, be diminished forty per cent. for twenty-four hours without evidences of intoxication (vomiting). 5. The anatomic appearance of the kidney varies somewhat with the poison used and greatly with the period of survival after administration of the poison, but bears no definite relation to the nitrogen, chloride, or phenolsulphonephthalein elimination; marked anatomic alteration is compatible with normal elimination of all these substances and with freedom from symptoms of intoxication (vomiting). 6. The decrease in the elimination of phenolsulphonephthalein, which occurs in uranium, chromate, and cantharidin nephritides, and which, in a general way, is proportional to the dose of the poison, bears no constant relation to the changes in the nitrogen or chloride elimination. 7. A marked decrease in the elimination of the phenolsulphonephthalein occurs synchronously, as a rule, with the onset of the symptoms of intoxication (vomiting), and therefore the phenolsulphonephthalein test would seem to be a better indicator of the ability of the kidney to eliminate the toxic substance responsible for the symptoms of renal insufficiency than are either the anatomic changes or the elimination of total nitrogen or of chlorides.
1. The combination of a biological test object on which adrenalin causes contraction of smooth muscle (perfused blood-vessels or the uterus in certain conditions) with a biological test object on which it produces inhibition of contraction of smooth muscle (intestine) greatly diminishes the chance of error in testing blood (or other body liquids) for adrenalin. A control experiment with adrenalin solutions should, in general, accompany each observation on the blood. 2. When properly chosen biological tests are employed, no evidence is obtained of the presence of adrenalin in detectable amount in normal blood taken from the general circulation. 3. In a case of nephritis with albuminuria and persistently high arterial pressure, the pressure was diminished by forced breathing. The washing out of carbon dioxide seemed to be a factor in this diminution as well as the mechanical interference with the circulation. In this case, the administration of large doses of sodium bicarbonate was associated with a marked diminution in the blood pressure. 4. In another case with persistently high blood pressure, the drawing off of cerebrospinal fluid caused a distinct diminution in the arterial pressure, presumably by lowering the intracranial pressure. No pressor substance was detected in the cerebrospinal fluid.
From what has already been said, it is apparent that changes in respiration and blood pressure may be produced by stimulation of a very large portion of the optic thalamus; that no one region controls these phenomena; that the spleen shows variations in volume only when marked blood pressure changes occur, and that such a change has been observed on stimulation of many places in the thalamus. Furthermore, the regions in the thalamus from which such effects are obtained are those in which the large afferent paths end; namely, the fillet and superior cerebellar peduncle, and a region directly connected with the vagus nucleus. The portions of the thalamus which proved inert to stimulation were those which in our previous investigation also were inactive; namely, the median nucleus, and the upper anterior end of the lateral-the region through which the fibers of the median nucleus pass. These phenomena are similar in every respect to those observed when an afferent nerve is stimulated. In what has gone before, it has been shown that the respiratory and circulatory changes occurred when one of the sensory paths, or a path running directly to the medullary nuclei governing these functions was stimulated. In explaining these phenomena, therefore, there is no necessity for invoking the existence of special centers.
From results of which the foregoing data form a part, it appears that the amount of bacterial nitrogen in the feces is a valuable index to intestinal conditions, and the method herein described is a simple and satisfactory one for making this determination. It involves three serial centrifugalizations of a two gram sample of the fresh feces brought into suspension in 0.2 per cent. hydrochloric acid. The bacterial suspension finally obtained is concentrated and extracted by alcohol, and nitrogen is determined in the precipitated material. The complete data on a given stool can be obtained in about five days, and one operator can take care of three or four stools in duplicate in one day. On an absolutely uniform diet of simple and easily digested food during a period of three to four weeks, the average amount of bacterial nitrogen in two subjects was found to be 53.9 per cent. of the total fecal nitrogen, and this percentage, though higher than that obtained by workers heretofore, is probably more nearly a true value for bacterial nitrogen, because no ether extraction was employed. The average daily amount of dry bacteria, calculated on the basis of the nitrogen values, is 8.27 grams.
1. Theoretically, the method of cultivating tissues outside the body offers an ideal technique for the demonstration and study of cytotoxins. 2. Mouse sarcoma, which grows vigorously in the plasma of normal rats, shows little or no activity in the plasma of rats immunized by mouse sarcoma injections. 3. Rat sarcoma, readily cultivated in the plasma of normal guinea pigs, either remains quite inactive, or presents a feeble growth in the plasma of guinea pigs previously treated with rat tissues. 4. The inhibition of growth in cultures of rat and mouse sarcomata in plasma from animals of a foreign species immunized against these tissues, is due, in all probability, to the action of cytotoxins.
The study of a variety of experimental renal lesions in the dog demonstrates that the phenolsulphonephthalein test of Rowntree and Geraghty is one of the most satisfactory and at the same time most delicate methods of estimating the functional activity of the kidney. The elimination of the test dye is decreased in so-called spontaneous nephritis and in experimental nephritis due to potassium chromate, uranium nitrate, cantharidin, diphtheria toxin, and arsenic, and in those lesions caused by snake venom, hemolytic serum, prolonged renal anemia, and extensive reduction of the kidney substance. Its elimination is not' diminished, but is increased, in the presence of the renal lesion caused by nephrotoxic immune serum, and for this discrepancy no explanation is at hand. The test is a reliable method of demonstrating improvement in the functional activity of the kidney, as is shown in our study of spontaneous nephritis. The increased elimination of the dye occurring after small doses of various irritants, which is frequently characteristic of the early stages of a severe nephritis, and which is seen also several days after unilateral nephrectomy, would appear to have an important relation to the problem of kidney function; and although probably not of clinical importance, it is worthy of further study as a phase of renal activity.
Acute lethal anaphylaxis in the intact rabbit is caused by a failure of the heart. This failure of the heart is due to a change in the heart itself; it is peripheral and independent of the central nervous system for its production. This change in the heart is shown anatomically and functionally by decreased translucency, change in consistency, and by failure to respond to stimuli, and is probably to be classed as a chemical rigor. The rigor of the heart is most pronounced in the right ventricle, the wall of which may be gray, stiff, very tough to the finger nail, and non-irritable. Cardiac stimulants of the digitalis group seem to exert a harmful effect when injected in acute anaphylaxis. Blood coagulation is delayed; a loose clot forms after one half to two hours. Anti-anaphylaxis is produced when the animal does not succumb to the injection. When anaphylactic death is delayed for about one hour, a well developed rigor of the white muscles of the thigh, and of the diaphragm may occur while the animal is still alive. Reasons are brought forward to show the necessity of more caution in employing the word anaphylaxis. Friedberger's statement, that the lungs of guinea pigs dead from acute anaphylaxis are not characteristic of anaphylaxis for this animal, is shown to be baseless.
1. Hypertrophy of the islands of Langerhans occurs in two forms: (1) the simple type which is nothing more than an increase in size of preexisting islands; and (2) the columnar type, in which the islands are composed of anastomosing columns of cylindrical cells. 2. Regeneration of the islands of Langerhans takes place by means of a budding off of columnar cells from the ducts. The process is analogous to the development of the islands in the fetal pancreas. 3. Newly formed islands of Langerhans are composed of cylindrical cells similar in all respects to those constituting hypertrophied islands of the columnar type. The two structures are identical, the latter being a later phase of the former. 4. Newly formed islands of Langerhans are capable of a greater hypertrophy than preëxisting islands. Both types of insular hypertrophy are usually of a compensatory character, the columnar, or regenerative type, being the more important. 5. Hypertrophy and regeneration of the islands of Langerhans occur most frequently in diabetes mellitus (34 per cent. of 100 cases studied). These changes are usually associated with sclerosis or hyaline degeneration of other islands. 6. Hypertrophy and regeneration of the islands of Langerhans are occasionally observed in cirrhosis and carcinoma of the pancreas. In some of the most advanced cases, however, the islands have been spared and neither hypertrophy nor regeneration are present. 7. Regeneration of the islands of Langerhans has been noted in five cases in which there was no evidence of diabetes and where the pancreas was for the most part normal. In four of these cases, columnar hypertrophy of the islands was also observed. All five cases were associated with abnormalities of the larger ducts-obstruction, chronic inflammation, and adenomatous proliferation of the lining epithelium. 8. The occurrence of hypertrophy and regeneration of the islands of Langerhans affords considerable evidence in favor of their anatomic and functional independence.
In nearly 50 per cent. of the cases, virulent trypanosome virus inoculated directly through the stomach wall of rats failed to infect these animals. The percentage of infections after inoculation of this kind seemed to vary with the virus. Surra of India proved to be the most virulent, and caderas the least. Nagana and dourine occupied intermediate positions. The rats that escaped infection showed no trace of immunity when tested with small quantities of the same virus between the twelfth and the twenty-eighth days after the intra-stomachal inoculations. The majority of the rats tested for immunity with surra of India and nagana seemed to have acquired, instead of an immunity, a certain hypersensitiveness to infection. Five of the seven nagana rats died before their controls. The results of testing the vitality of the trypanosomes of caderas, dourine, and nagana introduced directly into the stomachs and intestines of living rats seem to show that both motility and virulence are usually lost in less than two hours. Surra of India proved exceptionally resistant to the harmful influences of the stomach, for in one case, surra trypanosomes introduced into the intestines were found to be sluggishly motile in the stomach one hour and fifty-five minutes later, and in another instance, surra parasites injected into the stomach were found, when removed from that organ two hours later, to be actively motile and infectious.
1. Fresh and inactivated animal serum under proper conditions will bind pepsin quantitatively in weak acid solution and will prevent it from digesting proteid even after the addition of free hydrochloric acid in excess. 2. This binding and inactivation of pepsin cannot be considered as due to a specific anti-pepsin. 3. The phenomenon has been named pepsin deviation in analogy with the deviation described for other ferments, notably trypsin. 4. The ability of animal serum to deviate pepsin has been responsible for most, if not all, of the published accounts of anti-pepsin. 5. By the use of a technique elaborated to control pepsin deviation, it has been found impossible to demonstrate normal anti-pepsin in the blood serum of the dog, cat, guinea pig, beef, horse, rabbit, and of man.
The results of these experiments show, in short, that, by the method employed, adrenalin could neither be demonstrated in the specimen of blood, nor in either of the two specimens of malignant hypernephroma, nor in the specimen of metastatic tissue from the adrenal tumor which closely resembled a malignant hypernephroma. The results agree with those of Greer and Wells in showing that no adrenalin is found in malignant renal hypernephromas; and the further observation is made that no adrenalin content of the blood of a patient with malignant renal hypernephroma could be shown by the rabbit uterus strip test. Those rare tumors which arise from medullary adrenal tissue might be expected to contain adrenalin; but as pointed out by Greer and Wells, since the ordinary malignant renal hypernephroma arises from adrenal rests which consist of cortical tissue, and since the cortex of adrenal contains no adrenalin, no adrenalin should be expected in the tumors arising from such cortical tissue.
1. I have proposed the name luetin for an emulsion or extract of pure cultures of Treponema pallidum which is designed to be employed for obtaining, in suitable cases, a specific cutaneous reaction that may become a valuable diagnostic sign in certain stages or forms of syphilitic infection. 2. The repeated inoculation of either living or killed pallida into the testicles of rabbits leads to a condition in which an intradermic injection of luetin is followed by a well marked inflammatory reaction. A corresponding reaction has been obtained neither in rabbits suffering from active syphilitic orchitis, nor in those in which the condition had been cured by the administration of salvarsan four months previously. Normal rabbits, likewise, do not react to the luetin. 3. The luetin produces a similar cutaneous reaction in syphilitic and parasyphilitic patients that is most constant and severe in the tertiary and hereditary affections. In my series of cases, it was present constantly (100 per cent.) in the manifest tertiary affection, in 94 per cent. of latent tertiary affection, and in 96 per cent. of the hereditary affection. 4. During the primary and secondary stages, the reaction is infrequent, and when present it is of mild degree. An exception has been found in cases in which energetic treatment has been or is being carried out and in which clinical signs of syphilis are absent. Such cases may show a severe reaction. Apparently this is true especially of the cases treated with salvarsan. 5. In certain cases of old infection in which no treatment has been taken and in which no symptoms have appeared for many years, and in the course of which miscarriages have not occurred, the cutaneous reaction has failed to appear. But, despite the absence of symptoms, mothers who have young syphilitic children have usually given the reaction. 6. It remains to be determined in how far the cutaneous reaction with luetin can be used to supplement the Wassermann reaction in determining the complete and permanent suppression of a syphilitic affection. 7. It appears probable that the Wassermann reaction is more constant in the primary and secondary, and the cutaneous reaction in the tertiary and latent forms of syphilis. Moreover, it appears that the Wassermann reaction is more directly and immediately affected by antisyphilitic treatment than is the cutaneous reaction. 8. A more active preparation of luetin can certainly be produced by improved methods. This phase of the subject is being considered at the present time and will be reported upon in a later paper.
The maintenance of life of an individual with an open double pneumothorax under differential pressure depends essentially upon the normal position of the lower lobes of the lungs and their close approximation to the diaphragm, especially of the posterior parts of the lobes. A complete dislodgment of both lower lobes leads invariably to the death of the individual, which may occur in a very short time, or after fifteen to twenty-five minutes. In all cases the respiration is affected first; it slows almost at once and stops invariably before the heart. The result is the same whether the vagi are intact or both nerves are cut. Exceptionally, respiration may continue even after the separation of the lungs from the diaphragm, but only by having all the lobes well approximated to the thoracic walls. When by dislodgment of the lower lobes the respiration is stopped and the heart is feeble and slow, or stopped completely, it is rarely possible to restore life by artificial respiration or by other appropriate means. The extent of the exchange of gases occurring in normal respiration, with closed thoracic cavity, exceeds greatly the need for the maintenance of life, since normal respiration is provided with an abundance of factors of safety. Under differential pressure, however, life is carried on with an exchange of gases which amounts to a small fraction only of the extent of the exchange that takes place in normal respiration; respiration under differential pressure is, therefore, deprived of all factors of safety and is incapable of resisting the dangers of exceptional incidents. Deaths occurring in connection with the differential pressure have their cause essentially in this unguarded state of the function of respiration. Under tracheal insufflation, the function of respiration is surrounded with effective safeguards, at least as much as is normal respiration. Dislodgment of the lungs has no detrimental effect. After complete collapse of the lungs, capillary adhesions within the alveoli and the small bronchi become an additional obstacle to the redistension and respiration. Differential pressure holds this obstacle in abeyance. When the lungs become collapsed during an open pneumothorax, it should be kept in mind that the force which is required for redistension is greater than that which is sufficient to keep the lungs continually distended. At the beginning of a redistension, therefore, a higher pressure should be employed for a short time.
This investigation comprises a study of venous pulse, carotid, cardiographic, and heart sound records from twenty-one men with normal hearts. The heart sounds were recorded by the method of Einthoven. When correction is made for transmission, the first heart sound begins, on an average, 0.131 of a second before the c-wave of the venous pulse, and has an average duration of 0.128 of a second. The second heart sound begins a few hundredths of a second before the v-wave and has a duration of 0.091 of a second. The third heart sound occurs shortly before or is coincident with the beginning of the h-wave. It has an average duration of about 0.03 of a second. Considerable variation from the average positions are noted in individual cases. This is especially true in the relation between the second heart sound and the v-wave. Measurements of the venous pulse and heart sound intervals show that the a-c, c-v, and v-h venous pulse intervals, the first to second and the second to third heart sound intervals, and systole tend to remain fairly constant in length when cardiac cycles of different length are considered. The v-a, h-a, and x-a venous pulse intervals, the third to first heart sound interval, and diastole tend to vary in length with variations in total length of the cycle. Records of the venous pulse and heart sound obtained from dogs show a similar relation to that found in man. The main difference observed was an earlier occurrence of the first heart sound before the c-wave of the venous pulse.
1. It has been shown that powdered hematin is exceedingly resistant to the metabolic action of tissue cells, and wherever injected it will remain for weeks with but slight and slowly progressing alteration. 2. The changes produced in hematin by tissue cells are identical with those changes resulting from the oxidation of hematin by hydrogen peroxid, forming a series of bodies of decreasing color intensity, which manifest an iron reaction in inverse proportion to their color. 3. These hemosideroid pigments are distinguished from true hemosiderin by the type of their iron reaction, by their solubility in dilute alkalies, and by their destructive oxidation by hydrogen peroxid. 4. Crystalline hematin injected into the tissues is subject to the same changes as powdered hematin. 3. Whereas powdered parahemosiderin is converted into hemosiderin by the tissue cells with comparative ease, powdered hematin shows no such conversion within forty-seven days, and as the only demonstrable change produced in hematin by the tissue cells does not result in the formation of either hemosiderin or hematoidin, the assumption that hematin is the progenitor of these pigments seems unwarranted.
1. In a study of 129 cases of appendicitis in children, we have found that in nineteen of them (15 per cent.) the appendix contained Oxyuris vermicularis or Trichocephalus trichiura. 2. The oxyuris is much the commoner of the two parasites, occurring seventeen times, while the trichocephalus was found only twice. 3. In fifteen out of the nineteen cases, the parasites were associated with a non-suppurative catarrhal type of appendicitis. If the four cases of catarrhal oxyuris appendicitis of adults be also included, it may be said that 83 per cent. of the cases of appendicitis associated with parasites have been of the catarrhal type. In the four remaining cases, the appendix was gangrenous. The cellular changes noted in the catarrhal cases have been distension of the crypts with mucus, hyperplasia of the lymph follicles, and in some cases, the presence of a few leukocytes in the muscularis and serosa. 4. In thirteen of the nineteen cases (70 per cent.), there have been noted, in addition to the cellular changes, certain lesions in the mucosa, unquestionably produced by the parasite. Of the six cases in which no specific lesions were demonstrated, the extensive gangrene in three of them might have obliterated specific lesions had they been present. Specific lesions were not demonstrated in any one of the four adult cases. 5. The oxyuris injures the mucosa by breaking through the lining epithelium and burrowing into the lymph follicles for a greater or less distance. Its invasion is usually accompanied by extravasation of blood into the surrounding lymphoid tissue, and its escape through the ruptured mucosa. In some cases, the oxyuris produces hemorrhagic ulcers in the mucous membrane, the edges of which are undermined and the bases formed by the submucosa. A characteristic feature of the oxyuris lesions is the absence of inflammatory reaction about them, except in those cases where there is secondary bacterial infection. 6. In some instances, the oxyuris may become encapsulated in the mucosa with fibrous tissue, and itself undergo hyaline degeneration. Such a process constitutes a healed oxyuris lesion. 7. The trichocephalus attacks the mucous membrane of the appendix in a manner similar to that described for the oxyuris, and there is the same absence of inflammation about the invading parasite. The trichocephalus, however, instead of invading a lymph follicle, shows a tendency to burrow along just beneath the columnar epithelium. 8. The conclusion to be drawn from these facts is that oxyuris and trichocephalus, when they occur in a diseased appendix, are, in most cases, the existing cause of the pathological changes found.
Pregnant dogs are susceptible to chloroform administered shortly before delivery or during labor, and show the same degree of liver injury as normal dogs, or even a somewhat greater one. Chloroform anesthesia may cause more or less hyaline necrosis in the border zone between the maternal and fetal parts of the placenta that may lead to hemorrhage, placental separation, and premature delivery. Chloroform anesthesia causes no injury to the liver of the fetus nor to any other fetal organ, in spite of the fact that it can be demonstrated to be present in these tissues. These experiments raise objections to the use of chloroform in pregnant women where an anesthetic must be continued for half an hour or longer. Chloroform anesthesia may be admissible for the few minutes at the end of the delivery, but when operative measures are necessary, before or after delivery, it is a dangerous anesthetic and surely capable of producing injury to the liver in the manner recognized in the case of normal persons. Objections may be raised to the application of conclusions derived from experiments on dogs to human cases; but the similarity of the effects of chloroform in man and dog surely affords a sound basis of comparison. Two fundamental facts would seem to be now established: (1) Normal human adults may be fatally poisoned (late chloroform poisoning) by chloroform anesthesia of one half to one hour's duration. (2) Normal and pregnant dogs are equally susceptible to late chloroform poisoning, and may be fatally poisoned by an anesthesia of two hours' duration. Hence one may conclude that probably normal and pregnant human beings are equally susceptible to chloroform poisoning, that chloroform anesthesia during any part of the pregnant period is capable of causing liver necrosis, and, consequently, that chloroform is a dangerous anesthetic.
Employing the liver necrosis as an index, we find that pups are immune to the poisonous action of chloroform anesthesia. This immunity or resistance to late chloroform poisoning is complete in the first week, very striking during the second and third weeks, and usually disappears during the fourth week of life. Nests of blood-forming cells (blood islands) are numerous in the sinuses of the liver during the first week and normally become progressively less numerous each week until the liver is almost free from these cells at the end of the fourth week of life. It is considered possible that these leucocytes in the blood islands protect the liver against the specific action of a known poison (chloroform). The mechanism of this hypothetical protective action is not understood, but it may consist of a process of neutralization. Perhaps this protective action against poisons is an important part of the functions of white blood cells and may bear an important relationship to the process of inflammation.
1. The living tissue of the chicken sarcoma, when implanted in susceptible hosts, survives, proliferates, and thus gives rise apparently to the whole of the new tumor. The histological findings about the graft do not suggest any other origin for the growth. 2. In fowls with a natural or acquired resistance, a very striking series of phenomena takes place about the graft or the established growth. They are referable to the presence of the living neoplastic cells and are essentially similar to those already described in mammals. 3. The lymphocyte has an association with the processes of resistance in the fowl, similar to, but more marked than that observed in mammals. 4. Resistance of the host does not constitute for the chicken tumor a differential means whereby the extrinsic agent present in the growth can be observed to engender it. In general, it may be stated that, when the new host is so unfavorable to the transplanted sarcoma cells as to cause their death, no tumor develops. 5. The activity of the extrinsic agent is negligible as affecting the interpretation of the phenomena about grafts of the avian sarcoma in resistant and susceptible hosts. They are referable to the presence of the transplanted cells. 6. The appearance or non-appearance of a specific, supporting, and vascularizing reaction in the host tissues cannot be looked upon as determining the fate of grafts of the chicken sarcoma. The same seems to be true of mammalian neoplasms.
Since guinea pig bone marrow and lymph gland cultivated for five days with goat blood generate substances that are hemolytic for goat red blood corpuscles, it can be concluded that tissues living outside of the organism react against an antigen by the production of an antibody.
Fatal leprosy, with all its clinical and pathological manifestations in man, may be experimentally induced in the monkey (Macacus rhesus) with a pure culture of the acid-fast bacillus cultivated by one of us (Duval) from a leprous lesion in man. To produce the disease experimentally, it seems necessary to give the animal repeated injections of large numbers of leprosy bacilli at given intervals for a period of months. That the infection is more likely to follow where sensitization is first established is definitely proven by the specific experiments that we have carried out upon a variety of laboratory animals. The first injection, we assume, sensitizes the animal and may consist of either killed or viable lepra bacilli. The necessity of first sensitizing the monkey and then giving repeated doses of viable organisms over a long period might explain the relative infrequency of the disease in man; at least, it offers an explanation of the fact that man rarely, if ever, contracts leprosy, although intimately associated for an indefinite period with those afflicted with the disease. The leprous lesions in the monkey are histologically indistinguishable from those in man and do not essentially resemble the specific lesion of tuberculosis, blastomycosis, or the lesions experimentally produced with saprophytic acid-fast species, since the appearance of large lepra cells and the arrangement of the bacilli in dense packets within these cells to form the so-called globi is a constant and characteristic feature for the experimental as well as the human lesion (figures 17, 18, and 19). The production of leprosy in the monkey proves conclusively that the acid-fast bacillus cultivated by one of us (Duval) from the human lesion is the Hansen bacillus and not some extraneous saprophyte, and that it is the etiological factor in human leprosy. In our experience, it has been extremely difficult to produce, in the lower animals, more than a transient localized lesion with human leprous material rich in the specific bacilli, unless the animal is first sensitized, when lesions histologically identical with those produced by pure cultures are easily induced. Therefore, it is natural to expect that cultures of Bacillus leproe which are many generations removed from the parent stem are less likely to infect, unless given in larger doses on the ground of loss in virulence. When experimental leprous lesions occur in the internal organs, they are more often found in the liver and spleen, while the experimental lesions occasionally produced in the lower animals with some of the saprophyte species, such as the bacillus of timothy hay, Moeller's grass bacilli, etc., rarely, if ever, occur in these organs (Abbott and Gildersleeve). These authors did not find lesions in the liver and spleen in a single instance after inoculating forty-five rabbits intravenously with large doses of the "confusing group." Furthermore, the cell picture and the appearance and arrangement of these bacilli in the lesions in no way resemble experimental leprosy (Hölscher). It is no indication that a given culture is not the Hansen bacillus because the individual organisms differ in size and shape from those in the tissues, since it is a well known fact that marked variations in morphology are common for many bacterial species under natural and artificial conditions. One of us (Couret) has already pointed out that there is a wide variation in morphology for Bacillus leproe under different environments. The experimental work serves not only to emphasize this fact, but is proof that a transformation from the slender beaded rods of the tissues to solidly staining diplococcoid forms of culture does occur for Bacillus leproe; and, conversely, that the coccoid forms of culture may again assume the slender beaded appearance by passage through warm-blooded animals.
Those conditions of the new-born characterized by a hemorrhagic tendency, icterus, and fatty changes, are probably all syndromes which may occur as the result of a number of toxic agents. All of them, however, have been produced, in these experiments, by the action of a single experimental agent. Thus, a picture indistinguishable from that called Buhl's disease has been obtained by the use of chloroform, as have also the pictures known as Winckel's disease, melaena neonatorum, etc. Chloroform is not held to be the only substance that has this power. It stands rather as one member of a group of agents, the effects of which in general and in individual organs are similar to those caused by lack of oxygen. The essential features of these conditions have also been produced by direct asphyxiation of the fetus. The suggestion is therefore made that underlying all these symptoms and pathological complexes, there is a deficiency of oxidation, general, local, or selective, thus bringing this group of diseases into the general category of acute yellow atrophy of the liver, eclampsia, pernicious vomiting, cyclic vomiting, phosphorus poisoning, etc. In human beings, chloroform and asphyxia must, in many instances, be the determining causes. There remain, however, other cases in which different factors are to be sought.
1. In most cases of chronic or subacute bacterial endocarditis due to the endocarditis coccus (Streptococcus viridans), there exists a distinctive pathological lesion in some of the glomeruli due to bacterial emboli. 2. The salient features of the pathological picture are first, the involvement of one or more loops of a variable number of glomeruli; secondly, the absence of any visible disease in the uninvolved glomeruli and in the uninvolved portions of affected glomeruli; and thirdly, the association in most of the bacterial cases of all the various stages of the glomerular process often seen in a single microscopical section. 3. The lesion does not occur in cases of acute endocarditis, and up to the present time it has been absent in cases of subacute bacterial endocarditis due to organisms other than the endocarditis coccus. 4. In a group of cases having vegetations that are typical of those in the active stage of subacute endocarditis (except that they are free from bacteria and healing or healed), the healed stage of this distinctive glomerular lesion is present, although it is less extensive than in the active bacterial cases. 5. These cases, therefore, are most probably examples of subacute bacterial endocarditis due originally to the endocarditis coccus, but in which the endocardial vegetations have become free from bacteria rather early in their course and are now healing or healed, as claimed by Harbitz and Libman. 6. During the active bacterial stage of the disease, if the glomerular lesions are not too numerous, the only symptoms produced will be an almost constant hematuria, usually demonstrable only microscopically. If the glomerular lesions are very numerous, symptoms resembling those of subacute hemorrhagic nephritis may occur and may even cause a fatal issue. If the glomerular lesions are very numerous but not sufficient to cause death, and the cardiac lesion should go on to healing, a contracted kidney, secondary to the glomerular lesion, may subsequently ensue and produce the typical symptoms and death. In such a case, the finding of the healed or healing lesion of subacute bacterial endocarditis will be accidental.
In the first experiment, a segment of popliteal artery, extirpated from the leg of a young man and preserved for twenty-four days in cold storage, was transplanted upon the abdominal aorta of a small bitch. The animal lived in excellent health for four years and two months, became pregnant several times, and finally died during labor. The abdominal aorta was normal, but the human arterial segment was slightly dilated, and its wall was composed of connective tissue only. In the second experiment, a segment of dog's jugular vein, preserved for twenty-four hours in cold storage, was transplanted upon the thoracic aorta of a fox terrier. In spite of slight lesions of the cord due to interruption of the aortic circulation during the operation, the animal remained in excellent health. After two years and two months, the dog died of an epidemic disease. The descending aorta was normal. The transplanted segment had about the same caliber as that of the aorta, but its wall was composed of connective tissue, with no evidence of muscular or elastic tissues. In these two experiments, the walls of the transplanted segments contained neither muscle nor elastic tissue fibers and were not thicker than those of the artery. Nevertheless, they were able to withstand the pressure of the blood without undergoing any marked dilatation. If death due to accident had not brought these two experiments to an end, it is probable that the transplanted segment would have successfully resisted the pressure of the blood for a much longer time. As it is, the result shows that, in one experiment after four years and in the other after two years, the segments transplanted upon the abdominal and thoracic aortas were still efficient.
1. Bone marrow of guinea pigs grows better in autogenic than in homogenic serum. 2. Bone marrow of guinea pigs grows more extensively and rapidly in unheated than in heated autogenic and homogenic serum (56 degrees C. for half an hour). 3. In different heterogenic sera, there are differences in the growth of the tissue. In none of the sera examined, was the growth so extensive as in homogenic and autogenic serum. 4. Heated heterogenic serum is a better culture medium and shows more extensive tissue growth than normal unheated heterogenic serum.
1. Adrenalin causes a marked constriction of the human coronary artery, although it undoubtedly produces a relaxation in some mammals; e. g., calf, sheep, pig, etc. 2. The human coronary artery is probably provided with sympathetic vasoconstrictors. 3. If human blood-vessels are obtained in a warm condition within a few hours after death, they are often suitable for biological and pharmacological study.
As a result of the experimental work here recorded, there can be no doubt of the fact that the rate of inflow in shock was faster than normally, and in my experiments the average increase was 36 per cent. It is concluded, therefore, that decreased vasomotor tone is an accompaniment of shock.
The most marked chemical changes in a disintegrating spleen are noticed during the period when karyorrhexis and karyolysis are the characteristic features. When pyknosis alone is prominent almost all of the several constituents are in the coagulable or precipitable fraction, just as they are in the original normal tissue. After karyolysis is practically complete the coagulable and precipitable elements of the tissue still gradually decrease in amount, but the rate is far below that occurring during karyorrhexis and karyolysis. Moreover, even when microscopical nuclear disintegration is practically at an end, the chemical process of disintegration is still going on, but very slowly. Finally, when nuclear structures can no longer be seen in the spleen, about 72 per cent. of the nuclein nitrogen, about 50 per cent. of the original insoluble phosphorus, and 70 per cent. of the original insoluble nitrogen, are still in the insoluble form (precipitable and coagulable by alcohol), while about two thirds of the phosphatid phosphorus remains in complex organic combinations.
In two cases of infantilism there was poor absorption from the intestines of nitrogen, sulphur, phosphorus, calcium, and magnesium. The excretion of these elements in the urine was low. The excretion of calcium in the urine was so small as to be negligible. The excretion of calcium into the intestines was increased. The complete balance experiments showed that while other elements were retained, calcium was lost.
In two cases of infantilism of the type of Herter, in one case of achondroplasia, and in one case of cretinism, creatin was constantly present in the urine and was increased in amount when the ingestion of carbohydrates was increased.
A strain of Spirochoeta refringens has been obtained in pure culture, and its morphological and cultural characteristics have been studied. The strain possessed no pathogenicity for rabbits or monkeys. It probably belongs to the genus Treponema, but it is easily differentiated from Treponema pallidum, Treponema microdentium, and Treponema macrodentium. Its relation to Spirochoeta balanitidis and Spirochoeta buccalis is still undetermined.
The absorption of amboceptor by corpuscles is rapid, a considerable amount being absorbed in as short a period as fifteen seconds. In the sensitization of corpuscles, the amount of amboceptor absorbed by the different corpuscles is not uniform, the inequality depending on the time taken in obtaining an even distribution of the corpuscles through the diluted immune serum. Amboceptor absorption is apparently influenced by the concentration of the corpuscles, being more rapid with a 5 per cent. than with a 2 per cent. suspension, and thus the stronger concentration is more susceptible to inequality of sensitization from variations in the method of activation. In experimental work, it is of importance to obtain as equal a sensitization as possible. It is essential that in comparative titrations the same method of activation be employed in the several titrations, and where possible it is advisable that all the cells used be sensitized together in bulk. The results obtained in titrating hemolytic sera and complement depend to a considerable extent upon the evenness of sensitization of the corpuscles.
The experiments here described indicate that the peptone fractions can alter the different blood elements in such a manner as to affect their immunological reactions. This power is not possessed by all the peptones equally, either qualitatively or quantitatively. If we regard the phenomenon of hemolysis by immune serum in the light of a biochemical process, depending upon properties inherent in certain constituents of the serum and the red blood cells, the experiments described reveal a number of facts concerning the immunochemical action of albumoses and peptones. These substances, which depend for their separation and identification upon purely physical means, show differences in their behavior toward the elements concerned in the production of hemolysis. Inagaki (7) has shown that the albumoses can combine with nucleohiston. It is not improbable, therefore, that some of the reactions are chemical as well as physicochemical in character. Further studies are necessary to determine whether the reactions elicited can aid us in the differentiation of the peptone bodies, for which at present we possess but few tests. The results, however, are suggestive, and may aid in recognizing the presence of these substances in blood serum.
Salvarsan in capsule and in solution in doses varying from 0.1 to 0.6 of a gram was administered by mouth to seven patients suffering from syphilis. Five patients were given full doses of 0.6 of a gram. One patient (case 3) received in the aggregate within four weeks 2.4 grams without loss of weight or any disturbing effects. An ulcerating gumma of the knee was practically healed after a period of five weeks. This was the only patient of the seven, however, in whom notable improvement in the cutaneous manifestations followed the administration of the drug. This ulceration would probably have healed as soon, or possibly sooner, under the influence of mercury and the iodids. From the above observations, it would appear that salvarsan administered by mouth up to the full dose of 0.6 of a gram, has a perceptible though feeble therapeutic effect on cutaneous syphilitic manifestations. We should naturally expect the influence of any drug to be more evident in the case of a gumma, in which spirochaetes are only sparsely present, than in the secondary syphilides in which the spirochaetes are present in enormous numbers. Cutaneous gummata are readily healed at times by very small doses of mercury or iodids. It is interesting to note that the administration of the full dose of the drug by mouth does not appear to give rise to symptoms of systemic arsenical poisoning, unless the vomiting and diarrhea be regarded as such. After some of the full dose administrations, there was neither vomiting nor diarrhea. As salvarsan contains 34 per cent. of arsenic, these patients received the equivalent of five grains of arsenic. In case 3, in the course of four weeks the patient took by mouth the equivalent of over twelve grains of arsenic, without vomiting or having diarrhea, and with no loss of weight or disturbance of health. The urine of this patient was entirely normal. It would seem, therefore, that salvarsan is not converted in the gastro-intestinal tract into an organotropic arsenical compound, and it is possible that it may remain practically unchanged.
1. Foreign body giant cells may be produced in vitro by the addition of foreign objects such as lycopodium spores and cotton fibers to cultures of chick embryo spleen. 2. These giant cells are formed by the fusion of large mononuclear wandering cells, probably endothelial cells and pulp cells. Connective tissue cells do not take part in their formation. 3. The large giant cells sometimes seen spread out over the cover-glass in cultures of chick embryo spleen are probably foreign body giant cells, the cover-glass acting as the foreign body.
In two series of experiments made at the end of 1911 and at the beginning of 1912, new techniques were developed with the view of investigating the problem of prolonging indefinitely the life of tissues isolated from the organism. These techniques are far from perfect and will doubtless be modified in the future. But they have already permitted the establishment of new facts. Fragments of connective tissue have been kept in vitro in a condition of active life for more than two months. As a few cultures are now eighty-five days old and are growing very actively, it is probable that, if no accident occurs, the life of these cultures will continue for a long time. In some cases the rate of growth of the tissues increased in direct ratio to the age of the culture. Fragments of heart pulsated rhythmically at the beginning of the third month of their life in vitro. These facts show that experiments made with these or with more perfect techniques and followed over long periods of time may lead to the solution of the problem of permanent life of tissues in vitro, and give important information on the characters acquired by tissues liberated from the control of the organism from which they were derived.
THE WRITER BELIEVES THAT THE EXPERIMENTS ABOVE RECORDED HAVE DEMONSTRATED THE FOLLOWING POINTS: 1. As has been previously shown by other workers, complement is fixed by the precipitate formed in the reaction between unformed proteid and its homologous antiserum, and it is the precipitate only which fixes, the supernatant fluid being devoid of fixing power except to a slight degree in tubes very rich in antigen. This latter fixation is probably due to a redissolving of the precipitin-precipitinogen complex which, as Gay has shown, does not lose its fixing power on resolution. The fixation of complement by mixtures in which antigen is so slight in amount that no precipitate is formed may be explained by analogy with colloidal reactions in which combination of colloids takes place without precipitation unless definite quantitative relations are maintained. 2. In contrast to the results above described, precipitating mixtures of bacterial antigen and antiserum show complement fixation both by the precipitate and by the supernatant fluid. 3. The complement fixation by the supernatant fluid of such bacterial precipitin reactions, with the precipitate removed, is, in the presence of washed bacteria, equal to that exerted by the same amount of the original serum. The complement fixation of the precipitates, here, as in serum-antiserum tests, is proportionate to the bulk of the precipitate. 4. The precipitin body is not removed from a bacterial antiserum by treatment with washed whole bacteria, whereas the cell sensitizer or amboceptor is removed by such treatment. The writer believes that the work recorded above justifies Gengou's conclusion that an albuminolytic sensitizer is formed in response to immunization with unformed proteids. This sensitizer, or amboceptor, is, however, distinct and independent of the sensitizer that reacts specifically with either bacterial or other cells. It would appear that immunization with unformed proteids calls forth only the formation of these albuminolysins, while immunization with cells, in our case the typhoid bacillus, calls forth both the cytolytic and the albuminolytic sensitizers. The albuminolytic sensitizers are not carried down mechanically with the precipitates in the precipitin reactions. We see no reason for not considering them identical with the precipitins themselves, bodies which combine with the dissolved antigens and, as in other colloidal reactions, lead to precipitation when definite quantitative relations are observed. The undiminished precipitating value of a bacterial antiserum after considerable amounts of bacterial amboceptor have been absorbed out of it, would point against the identification of agglutinins with precipitins. However, this question must be subjected to further study. It is thus clear that only the cytolytic sensitizer can enter into combination with the washed bacterial cell, while it is probable that both cytolytic and albuminolytic sensitizer may combine with the dissolved ingredients of a bacterial filtrate. Whether or not they combine with the same constituent of such an antigen cannot be decided by our experiments.
The paroxysm of hematin intoxication in the rabbit undoubtedly presents many features of striking similarity to the paroxysm of human malaria; still one must hesitate to apply such results unreservedly in an attempt to identify the causative agent of the malarial paroxysm. When, in addition to the character of the paroxysm, we consider the sequence of events in the two instances, the analogy becomes so close that it seems impossible to regard the matter as a mere coincidence. The injection of hematin, especially in fractional doses, is in a measure comparable to the liberation of hematin into the human circulation by the malarial parasite. In these experiments, See PDF for Structure both solution and finely divided suspensions of hematin have been found equally effective in eliciting the phenomena of the paroxysm, and while it seems possible that a portion of the malarial pigment might be dissolved in the alkaline human serum, such an assumption is probably not essential. It might be objected that the toxic action of foreign hematin thus injected into the circulation would probably be greater than that of hematin derived from an animal's own blood, but as far as I have been able to determine, this objection does not seem valid, as rabbit hematin, dog hematin, and ox hematin produce in the rabbit effects that are alike in both character and degree. The dose of hematin remains as the one factor to which it is possible to attach some degree of uncertainty, but even here the author feels that the range of experimental conditions has been kept within the bounds of legitimate analogy with conditions existing in the human subject of malarial infection. Finally, the most conservative estimate of the value of such experiments points strongly to the fact that we have at least a potentially toxic substance in the pigment hematin as liberated by the malarial parasite into the circulation of the human host. There is also abundant evidence to show that the action of hematin is not confined to the paroxysmal phenomena of malaria, but that other features of the disease may find their explanation in the action of this pigment. For the present, however, it seems advisable to confine the discussion to this one phase of the question.
It is generally accepted that complement may be split into a mid-piece and an end-piece. The mid-piece is thought to be in the globulin fraction, and the end-piece in the albumin fraction. The restoration of complement activity by putting together the albumin and globulin fractions does not prove, however, that each fraction contained a part of the complement, for the albumin fraction can be reactivated in the absence of the globulin fraction. Complement-splitting as brought about by hydrochloric acid, carbon dioxid, and dialysis, is really an inactivation of the whole complement by certain acids or alkalis, either added in the free state to the serum, or liberated as a result of the dissociation of certain electrolytes. That the whole complement, and not a part only, is present in the albumin fraction of the serum can be demonstrated by the removal of the inhibitory action of the acid or alkali. This can be effected by the addition, not only of alkali or acid, but also of any amphoteric substance. When hydrochloric acid, carbon dioxid, or dialysis are employed to produce the phenomenon known as complement-splitting, the complement is merely inactivated, not split.
It has been shown by these experiments that after the removal of one superior cervical ganglion of a rabbit, 1/50 of a cubic centimeter of a 1:1,000 adrenalin solution (=0.02 of a milligram of adrenalin) per kilo of body weight injected intravenously, is practically the minimum amount that will produce in nearly all cases a perceptible dilatation of the pupil. In one out of eight animals this dose failed to give a definite effect, while in two others the effect was slight. Six experiments with injections of 1/50 of a cubic centimeter of adrenalin per kilo of body weight gave the following averages: a maximum dilatation of 1.62 millimeters, which showed the first sign of decreasing in four minutes and had disappeared entirely in ten minutes after the injection. Six experiments with 1/30 of a cubic centimeter per kilo gave the following averages: a maximum dilatation of 2.25 millimeters, which began to disappear in eight minutes and had entirely disappeared in twenty-eight minutes. For thirteen experiments with 1/20 of a cubic centimeter of adrenalin per kilo these averages were: a maximum dilatation of 3.61 millimeters, a beginning recovery from dilatation in six minutes, with complete recovery of the pupil in thirty-seven minutes. With 1/10 of a cubic centimeter of adrenalin per kilo (eight experiments) the averages were: a maximum dilatation of 3.87 millimeters, a beginning recovery in ten minutes, with complete recovery of the pupil in forty-five minutes. Finally, eleven experiments with 2/10 of a cubic centimeter of adrenalin per kilo gave averages as follows: a maximum dilatation of 4.38 millimeters, a beginning recovery from dilatation in twenty minutes, with complete recovery only after one hundred minutes or more. The time between the injection and the appearance of the maximum dilatation of the pupil varied somewhat according to the dose of adrenalin. In the series of experiments with 1/50 of a cubic centimeter of adrenalin per kilo of body weight the average for this interval was one minute; in the series with 1/30, 1/20, and 1/10 of a cubic centimeter the average length of this interval was about three minutes, while the experiments with 2/10 of a cubic centimeter give us an average for this interval of six and a half minutes, with individual instances in which the maximum dilatation was seen only after fourteen, seventeen, and twenty-two minutes after the injection. In those animals in which the maximum pupil dilatation was especially delayed, there were almost always more or less alarming symptoms of general prostration for a short time after the injection, and the maximum dilatation appeared as these symptoms gradually disappeared. In other words, with an increase in the size of the dose of adrenalin, there was a gradual increase in the following: (1) the time between the injection and the appearance of the maximum dilatation; (2) the amount of dilatation produced; (3) the interval between the injection and the beginning of recovery from dilatation; and (4) in the total time between the injection and the return of the pupil to its normal size. After removal of the ganglion a certain time must elapse before the increase in the sensitiveness develops. During the first ten to fifteen hours there is practically no increase in the sensitiveness. After eighteen hours a moderate effect can be obtained which rapidly increases so that by twenty to twenty-four hours after the removal of the ganglion any given dose of adrenalin produces practically as great a dilatation as it will give at any later time. The experiments teach us that, on account of the individual variation in the degree of dilatation produced by a given dose of adrenin, we may not determine with exactness from any given degree of dilatation of the pupil the quantity of adrenin injected into the blood stream, and that we can not state with absolute exactness either the smallest dose that will constantly cause a dilatation, or mention the exact amount of adrenin which will in no case cause a dilatation of the pupil. However, the results permit the general statement that very small doses of adrenin on entering the circulation cause a fairly prolonged definite dilatation of a deganglionized pupil. Since this is true, there are then at least two ways in which a rabbit from which one superior cervical ganglion has been previously removed may be used for determining qualitatively the amount of adrenin present. If, for example, we have a solution which may or may not contain adrenin, and upon injecting it obtain a dilatation of the deganglionized pupil only while the pupil on the normal side remains unchanged in size, we are justified in assuming that the solution contains adrenin. Again, if after stimulation of the peripheral end of a splanchnic nerve or other procedure upon the animal body under conditions that exclude the possibility of reflex effects, a dilatation of the deganglionized pupil results, while its normal mate remains unchanged, the assumption is warranted, though not absolutely proved, that some adrenin has been thrown into the circulation. This test for the presence of adrenin has the advantage over other tests, that the pupil on the normal side will always act as a control.
1. The bactericidal agent extracted from horse leucocytes is apparently precipitated quantitatively by full saturation with ammonium sulphate. 2. The bactericidal agent is apparently precipitated by absolute alcohol, and is not rendered insoluble by a short contact with alcohol. The agent resembled in this feature certain enzymes which can be isolated and purified by alcoholic precipitation.
1. A hitherto undescribed spiral organism has been isolated in pure culture from a case of mild phagedenic ulcer on the external genitalia of a woman. For this organism the name Spirochoeta phagedenis is proposed. 2. Spirochoeta phagedenis is a strict anaerobe and grows in the presence of fresh tissue in ascitic agar. It produces no apparent change in the media, but a somewhat offensive odor develops in the culture tube. 3. Spirochoeta phagedenis incites a slight inflammatory reaction in the skin of a Macacus rhesus monkey and in the skin and testicles of rabbits. 4. Its etiological relation to the phagedenic lesions on the external genitalia has not yet been determined.
This work proves that the proteolytic action of leucocytes is not a simple cleavage by one ferment. There are present two proteases, one acting in an alkaline medium and the other in an acid medium. This confirms Opie's work. In the leucocytes there was found in addition an ereptic ferment which is capable of acting in an acid or alkaline medium. Since this action is lost by heating to 70 degrees C., and by drying and keeping the leucocytes, it probably represents a ferment which acts on the digestion products of the two proteases. Analogy with other ferments in the body confirms this opinion.
FROM A STUDY OF THE ACCOMPANYING TRACINGS WE MAY CONCLUDE THAT: 1. The delicate mechanism of the micrograph registers the movements in the heart and blood-vessels more accurately than does the polygraph. 2. The inertia of the polygraph lever and diaphragm distorts the tracing. The difference between the results obtained with the two instruments is shown by the records made simultaneously with the micrograph and the polygraph. 3. The micrograph is particularly useful for recording heart sounds. Some records illustrating this are shown. We are directing especial attention to this and will report the results in a subsequent paper. 4. While the micrograph will not supersede the polygraph or electrocardiograph, we feel that it has distinct possibilities as a clinical instrument.
In four of the seven cases the ventricles remained active from one and a half to eighteen minutes after the electrocardiograms failed to show evidence of auricular activity. In two cases the auricles outlasted the ventricles and in one case only did the auricles and ventricles stop apparently at the same time. Complete dissociation occurred three times. Some delay in the conduction time was seen in five of the seven cases. In two cases the auricles ceased to beat before evidence of impaired conduction appeared. There was always marked slowing; the slowest independent ventricular rates varied from 13.6 to 47.0. The slowest rates at which the auricles beat regularly varied from 20 to 65 per minute. There was never evidence of auricular fibrillation, although in two cases the electrocardiograms give fairly conclusive evidence that ventricular fibrillation occurred. The ventricles reëstablished a regular rhythm after a short period of ventricular fibrillation in one case, while in the other but one ventricular contraction occurred after the appearance of fibrillation. Characteristic changes in the ventricular complex of the electrocardiograms occurred in all the records. They consisted of a gradual fusion of the R- and T-waves, forming, when the fusion was complete, a large rounded or peaked wave. In some cases the identity of the two waves was not entirely lost. In spite of the marked change in shape of the ventricular complexes, there was often but little change in their duration. In some cases the ventricular systole was shortened at the end, while in others it was prolonged. The change in the form of the ventricular electrical complex indicates that the course of the stimulus and the manner of the contraction of the muscle were abnormal. The fact that the R-wave became gradually prolonged suggests that the conduction of the stimulus through the ventricular walls became delayed as the heart died. The fact that after death there is a continuation of cardiac muscular activity sufficient to cause a difference in electrical potential between the two sides of the body does not necessarily mean that a ventricular systole in the sense of muscular shortening takes place. It has been observed experimentally that well defined electrical complexes may be caused by cardiac activity which cannot be seen or recorded graphically. As the duration of the ventricular complexes characteristic of the dying heart usually does not differ markedly from the duration of the complexes before clinical death, it seems probable that the entire musculature of the ventricles participates in the contraction; as definite shortening, or at least a marked change in duration, would be expected if only a part of the ventricular musculature participated in the activity which produced the complex.
Thus, our conclusions harmonize with those of Brugsch and Schittenhelm in so far as they are concerned with the nuclein metabolism. They add, however, the observation that the elimination of nitrogenous substances of protein origin has a protracted character, and that the oxidation of as simple a substance as asparagin proceeds at a subnormal rate. The most striking peculiarity observed in our patient was the very imperfect elimination of ingested urea when the patient was placed on a diet containing only six grams of nitrogen per day, and a much more complete elimination when the diet contained thirteen grams of nitrogen.
In this series of twenty-four persons inoculated with antityphoid vaccine, the immune bodies in the blood reached their height within two months after the first inoculation, or one month after the third, then fell rapidly within the next two months. Only nineteen of the cases could be followed longer, and eight of these were negative for bactericidins within ten months after inoculation, and fifteen were negative after thirteen months. Only one serum reacted in a dilution of 1 to 1,200 at the end of thirteen months. The addition of lecithin to the vaccine did not influence the local reaction after inoculation, nor did it appreciably affect the formation of immune bodies to the typhoid bacillus.
In rabbits and cats in which a hemorrhagic anemia has been produced, the hemoglobin is regenerated much more slowly than the red corpuscles, but the index, relative to the red corpuscles, never rises above one. The resistance of the corpuscles is not increased. In erythrocytes developing in the bone marrow, the nucleus of the erythroblasts seems to lose its chromatin, but is apparently not extruded. Punctate basophilia of the erythrocytes is a common feature and seems to result from a diffusion of nuclear chromatin through the cell. Extramedullary myeloid metaplasia is generally slight, but in moderately severe and long continued anemia from bleeding it may be very extensive. Lipemia usually occurs when the blood is reduced below a certain limit. The greater part of the fat in the serum can be extracted with ether and is stained by osmic acid. Extensive fatty infiltration of the organs may occur and also widespread necrosis in the central parts of the liver lobules. Pigmentation of the internal organs is usually only slight, but may be considerable, particularly in the spleen. Although there are minor differences, all the essential features of anemia produced by toxins can be reproduced by hemorrhage.
Extracts of the kidneys of normal rabbits prepared one, two, three, and four days after the intravenous injection of egg-albumin and horse serum have the power to sensitize guinea pigs to a second injection of these proteins. The sensitization by first and second day extracts was constant and intense, that by the third day extracts was less marked and sometimes was not evident, and that by the fourth day extracts was only occasional, and when present was always weak. Comparative studies of the power of the blood, liver, and kidney to sensitize, indicate that this sensitization depends on the content of foreign protein in the circulating blood and not upon its accumulation or fixation in the tissues of an organ. This opinion is supported by other experiments in which the sensitizing power of the blood and of the extracts of unwashed kidneys was compared with the sensitizing power of extracts of washed kidney. The weak sensitizing power of washed kidney extract is taken as evidence that foreign proteins of the kinds used are not held in the tissues of the kidney, and if these results may be applied to nephrotoxic proteins, it follows that nephritis is not due to selective and persisting fixation of a protein by the renal cells, but is due to the action of such protein merely during the process of its elimination. In experimental acute nephritis of the type due to uranium nitrate, the power of sensitization to egg-albumin is prolonged for twenty-four hours, and in the chrornate type for forty-eight hours, thus indicating that in nephritis, of the acute type at least, the elimination of a foreign protein is delayed. Attempts to study by the same methods the elimination of vegetable and bacterial proteins have failed.
This investigation brings out three points. 1. During the first three or four weeks after splenectomy hemoglobinuria due to hemolytic serum was not followed by jaundice. 2. One month and more after splenectomy the red cells had an increased resistance to hemolysis. 3. Three and a half months after splenectomy and even later, jaundice occasionally occurred spontaneously. Attempts to explain these three phenomena have been based on the following possibilities: (1) that some function of the spleen is essential for the degradation of hemoglobin or for the elaboration of its derivatives; (2) that there is some interrelation between the spleen and the blood-forming organs or between the spleen and the blood-disintegrating mechanism, or perhaps both interrelations exist; (3) that there is a disturbance of the hemolyzing or bile-forming function of the liver dependent on the blood changes following splenectomy. This multiplicity of problems and likewise of possible explanations has rendered the presentation of the explanatory work in one communication extremely difficult. In the interests of clearness, therefore, the various phases are dealt with in separate papers.
The results of this study may be stated as follows. 1. Rapid injection of more than 0.06 of a gram per kilo of hemoglobin intravenously into a normal animal is followed by the appearance of hemoglobin in the urine (pelvis of kidney) within eight to ten minutes. 2. After rapid injection of more than 0.012 of a gram per kilo per minute of hemoglobin, 16 to 36 per cent. of the total amount, if this equals 0.25 of a gram per kilo, is eliminated in the urine and is accompanied by choluria. 3. If the injection of not more than 0.35 of a gram per kilo is made slowly (less than 0.01 of a gram per kilo per minute), the amount eliminated in the urine is only 2.33 to 9.5 per cent. of the total amount injected, and choluria does not occur. 4. The concentration of free hemoglobin in the blood which constitutes the threshold value of the kidneys for hemoglobin is approximately 0.06 of a gram of hemoglobin per kilo of body weight. When about this concentration is reached, hemoglobin appears in the urine. 5. The amount of hemoglobin per kilo of body weight which, after rapid injection, may be retained without jaundice, is approximately 0.18 of a gram. When 0.22 or 0.23 of a gram is retained bile pigments appear in the urine. The threshold of the liver for jaundice in point of hemoglobin saturation lies, therefore, between 0.18 and 0.22 of a gram per kilo of body weight. With slow injections a greater amount may be retained without choluria. 6. The absence of the spleen does not alter greatly the percentage of hemoglobin eliminated by the kidney, nor does it raise the threshold of the liver for jaundice. 7. In the presence of jaundice, either hemolytic or obstructive, the amount of hemoglobin retained by splenectomized animals is slightly diminished and that eliminated by the kidneys is correspondingly increased. Upon these data may be based the following explanation of the mechanism by which free hemoglobin is removed from the blood serum. Hemoglobin is not removed by the kidney until its concentration in the blood serum reaches a certain level (0.06 of a gram of free hemoglobin per kilo of body weight). This constitutes the threshold value of the kidneys for hemoglobin and when it is reached hemoglobin appears in the urine. When the concentration is lower, hemoglobinuria ceases; at the same time, however, the liver, and possibly other tissues, take up hemoglobin as soon as mere traces are present in the serum and they continue this removal whether the renal threshold is exceeded or not. The two processes go on simultaneously, the rate of removal, when the renal threshold is exceeded, being for the kidneys 17 to 36 per cent., and for the liver and other tissues 64 to 83 per cent, of the total amount introduced. The hemoglobin which is removed by the liver is transformed into bile pigments. If the amount reaching the liver is small and is received slowly, the amount of bile formed is not increased above the excretory capacity of the liver, and it is removed by the bile passages without the occurrence of choluria. This is shown in our experiments in which injections of hemoglobin were made more slowly than 0.01 of a gram per kilo per minute. On the other hand, if the hemoglobin is taken up by the liver rapidly and in large amounts, the bile capillaries are overtaxed and the bile cannot be rapidly removed, but is reabsorbed into the blood, and choluria develops. If this theory is correct we have an explanation of those instances of blood destruction in man characterized by jaundice, but not accompanied by hemoglobinuria. In a slow, gradual destruction of the red blood cells, the liver removes the hemoglobin from the serum so rapidly that the concentration of hemoglobin in the serum does not reach the threshold value of the kidneys and hemoglobinuria, therefore, cannot occur. The constant absorption of large amounts of hemoglobin by the liver and the increase in bile formation which results does, however, overtax the bile passages and jaundice occurs. In the same way may be explained the continuance of jaundice after the disappearance of a transient hemoglobinuria. A rapid destruction of a large amount of blood raises the concentration of hemoglobin in the serum so quickly that the threshold value of the kidney is quickly exceeded and hemoglobin appears in large amounts in the urine. When an amount of hemoglobin sufficient to reduce the concentration of the serum below the threshold value of the kidney has been removed, a considerable amount of hemoglobin may still remain in the serum, and it is the slow elimination of this through the liver that causes the choluria to continue. The demonstration that the absence of the spleen has no important influence on the elimination of hemoglobin by the kidney, on its transformation into bile pigments, or on the removal of such pigments, is of interest in connection with an observation made in the first paper of this series. This was concerning the frequent failure of jaundice to follow the administration of hemolytic serum during the early period following splenectomy. Among the possible explanations was the suggestion that the spleen is in some way concerned in the disintegration of free hemoglobin or in the elaboration of its derivatives. The present investigations demonstrate that such an explanation is without experimental basis, though it does not controvert the possibility of the spleen being concerned in liberating hemoglobin from the red cells and suggests that the failure of jaundice is due to some other factor or factors. Evidence to indicate that the changes in the blood that follow splenectomy are important factors is offered in the third paper of this series.
When the auricles fibrillate, the following effects are observed. 1. The arterial blood pressure may rise, fall, or remain stationary. Usually it falls. If it falls, it generally rises again towards or to the initial pressure. 2. The venous pressure changes are the reverse of the arterial. 3. The intestinal volume and the cardiac output changes are in the same direction as those of arterial blood pressure. 4. From these observations it may be concluded that the peripheral circulatory effects are purely passive. 5. The volume of the heart decreases except in instances where there is reason to believe that the circulation is failing. All the changes described in the foregoing paragraphs, and also the variations in blood pressure reactions which occur from time to time, are attributable to alterations in the rate of ventricular contraction. Similar, though perhaps less profound changes, are seen when the heart rate accelerates in like degree in response to regular induction shocks.
1. There is a great difference between embryonic and adult tissue as far as their growth outside of the organism is concerned. Adult tissue grows only in plasma. Embryonic tissue grows also very well in serum and serum plus agar. In Ringer's solution and in Ringer's solution plus agar no growth occurs, whether embryonic or adult tissue is employed; survival and emigration of cells are seen to some extent. 2. For the growth of connective tissue cells of chick embryo, unheated homogenic serum is a better culture medium than heated serum. The growth of epithelial cells is not thus influenced. 3. Heated heterogenic serum is a better culture medium for growth of embryonic connective tissue cells than unheated. 4. There is an inverse ratio between the hemolytic power of heterogenic sera and the extent of growth of tissue in them. This inverse ratio is not found in heterogenic plasmas.
The all important point revealed by the investigation is the fact that a large proportion of bone and joint tuberculosis occurring in children in Edinburgh owes its origin to infection by the bovine bacillus. The bovine bacillus is introduced into the system practically by one route only, that of ingestion, and the medium with which it is ingested is cow's milk. It is not my intention to criticize in any way the existing conditions of milk supply. I have furnished proof of what is actually occurring and no one will deny that the evil is a remediable one. In those cases in which the human bacillus was present, a considerable proportion showed a definite history of pulmonary tuberculosis affecting a co-resident, and every fact went to prove that the infection had been a direct one from patient to child. A complete distinction can be drawn between human and bovine bacilli, and the distinction is best secured by subjecting the organism to a series of tests such as I have detailed. The subject is one which ought to be investigated in a series of different localities. It is possible that the locus may be a factor in the explanation of the difference between the above results and those of other observers.
Mice dying several days after injections of pneumococci, both living and dead, frequently show at autopsy large intrathoracic hemorrhages. The histological study of the thoracic organs indicates that there occurs in each case a sharply circumscribed, acute degeneration of the wall of some large vessel, usually the ascending aorta or one of the pulmonary arteries. This degenerated portion is torn out by the pressure of the blood with almost complete disappearance of the vessel wall, leading to a gross hemorrhage. A similar change is occasionally found in the walls of the veins which contain cardiac instead of smooth muscle. We have found this lesion only in mice which had been recently inoculated with pneumococci. Negative cultures at autopsy, the lack of inflammatory reaction, and the occurrence of the conditions after injection of dead pneumococci suggest the cause to be a toxic degeneration of the vessel wall brought about by the poisons of the injected organisms.
The four series of experiments described above indicate clearly that tetanic stimulation of the sinus region of the auricles is of material assistance to massage in the resuscitation of the heart. It causes the auricles to generate impulses, either rhythmical or irregular, to which the ventricles, when susceptible, respond. When massage administered for brief periods has failed to resuscitate the heart, the same period of massage combined with tetanic stimulation of the sinus has usually brought the circulation back to normal. In some instances massage alone when continued over long periods has been without effect, and to all appearances would have continued to be without effect, whereas at such a time massage combined with stimulation of the sinus has effected recovery. Whether the stimulus causes the auricles to beat normally or to fibrillate seems to make no essential difference in the end result. Not infrequently conductivity and irritability are lowered to such an extent by the cessation of the circulation, that impulses generated in an auricle started by stimulation can at first manifest no effect upon the ventricles. Under such circumstances massage alone or, more frequently, massage plus stimulation may cause the ventricles to beat with their inherent slow rate. Often then the force of the ventricular contractions is insufficient for the maintenance of an effective circulation. In such cases, however, with the gradual improvement in the condition of the heart, the auricular impulses, as a rule, soon begin to reach the ventricles, with the result that the latter immediately begin to beat more rapidly and effectively. The beneficial results of stimulation of the auricles, therefore, manifest themselves relatively late, but none the less effectively. It has been found that even after the heart has begun to beat, stimulation of the sinus region may still be of some assistance, though in another direction. It not infrequently happens that after resuscitation of the heart the blood pressure fails to rise above a certain low and insufficient level. In such cases repeated tetanic stimulation of the sinus may accelerate the rise of blood pressure and so hasten recovery (protocol of experiment 12, series II, and text-figure 5). No attempt has been made to determine the mechanism of this effect.
We draw the following conclusions from our experiments on the antigenic properties of chemically pure casein and some of its split products. Casein and paranuclein have distinct antigenic properties, particularly as shown by their ability to sensitize guinea pigs for subsequent anaphylactic intoxication by each other or by milk. This sensitizing ability and a corresponding ability to intoxicate are indistinguishably equivalent, under the conditions employed. On immunizing rabbits by repeated injections of paranuclein or of casein, and subsequently testing their sera for precipitins and fixation antibodies, it was found that casein apparently produces them much more readily, giving an antiserum that reacted (fixation) in very high dilution with casein (0.000,000,1 of a 1 per cent. solution), but much less strongly with paranuclein. Only one of two antiparanuclein sera showed the presence of antibodies to paranuclein by the delicate fixation reaction, and that in relatively small amounts. The two antibodies to casein and to paranuclein are, in the case of casein quantitatively, and in the case of paranuclein absolutely specific. A solution of the products of complete peptic digestion of casein fails to sensitize to paranuclein and gives no fixation reaction with an anticasein or antiparanuclein serum. It intoxicates animals sensitized to paranuclein but no more markedly than it does normal animals. It also fails to show specific intoxication in an animal that has been sensitized by the same substance. The amino acids, glutamic acid, and leucin, the principal components of their kind in casein, and in the same proportion therein present, likewise failed to show antigenic properties. They do not sensitize animals to milk intoxication or to intoxication by themselves, and likewise failed to produce precipitins in rabbits in a preliminary experiment. These experiments are regarded as a fairly systematic analysis of the antigenic properties of split products of a single protein. They are analogous to, though less complete than the work of Wells (6) on egg-white. They seem to present the additional advantage of dealing with what is probably the only protein certainly known chemically, and in its purest form. They serve, moreover, as an introduction to the following study of the antigenic properties of a combined protein.
1. Erythrocytes have definite lipoidal constituents and lipoidal combinations peculiar to the species. 2. Certain lipoids and lipoidal combinations act as specific antigens. 3. The increase in serum lipase which occurs upon immunization of animals to foreign red cells is, at least in part, specific. 4. This specific lipase plays, no doubt, an important part in specific serum hemolyses.
We are unwilling to draw any very definite conclusions from the experiments, partly because they show a survival of implanted skin of so much shorter duration than that which seems to occur in the case of spontaneous implantation cysts, and partly because the method of reëxposing the submerged grafts is rather a crude way of testing their vitality. Nevertheless, the following points seem clear: 1. The repeated transplantation of a piece of skin from one animal to another confers no exceptional power of growth upon that skin. 2. The repeated implantation of skin into one animal decreases, if anything, its receptivity for such grafts. 3. The burial of skin in the interior of the body causes, after a time, a change in the skin of such a nature that it cannot resume its normal function as an external covering tissue, even when its circulation \ is well maintained and it is buried in the body of the same animal. The experiments do not determine how long the cells of the skin actually remain alive, and indeed it is conceivable that the mere maceration of the protective horny layer puts the skin, when reëxposed, into the position of a moist tissue, such as the intestinal mucosa, so that it readily dries up and succumbs. Nor do the experiments throw any light upon the possible existence of cytolytic substances in the circulating fluids, although, naturally, the idea of such an action has always been present in our minds in observing the gradual loss of vitality in the transplanted tissues.
The liver of the embryo chick during the first two weeks of development contains an abundance of isotropic fatty globules which represent a mixture of lipoids in which phosphorized fats predominate. During the third week of incubation the fatty globules in the liver change their physical and chemical characters. They become anisotropic and exhibit the reactions and properties of esters of cholesterol. The phosphorized fats gradually disappear from the liver during the third week. The phosphoric acid utilized by the embryo chick in calcification is derived from phosphorized fats. It is suggested that the phosphorized fats are split in the liver, the glycerophosphoric acid portion being liberated for calcification, while the free fatty acids are esterfied by cholesterol. A review of chemical analyses of aortic atherosclerosis and calcification made by others, and a comparison of the conditions in atherosclerosis with those of the developing chick liver, suggest that pathological calcification results from a splitting in situ of phosphorized fats with subsequent formation of calcium salts, as suggested by Baldauf.
1. Excised rings of the coronary artery of the ox properly weighted react to epinephrin by dilatation. 2. This reaction of the ox coronary is not an active dilatation, but is in the nature of a sudden lowering from a high to a relatively low degree of tonus. The tonus is not, however, entirely abolished by epinephrin. 3. The degree of relaxation produced by epinephrin is not constant. It depends on several factors other than the concentration of epinephrin used. 4. It is possible to increase the sensitiveness of the coronary artery to epinephrin. 5. There is no evidence of any primary constrictor effect on the ox coronary from epinephrin in most dilute solutions, nor can the existence in this artery of any constrictor mechanism of sympathetic origin be determined by the excised ring method.
1. The modified Meyer method here proposed, of parallel tests upon segments of surviving carotid and coronary arteries from the ox, is a satisfactory means for detecting epinephrin in complex body fluids like blood. 2. At the present time there is no evidence that epinephrin, in amounts sufficient to produce its physiological effects upon any hitherto used test objects, exists in the circulating blood, with the exception of blood from the suprarenal vein. 3. The examination of uncoagulated blood from six persons with high blood pressure has failed to show the presence of epinephrin or other constricting substances. 4. The constrictor substance in defibrinated blood and serum is not an epinephrin-like substance. In its point of action and its effects it is similar to barium chlorid. It is a direct stimulant to smooth muscle and seems to have no relation to the sympathetic innervation of muscle.
The asexual cycle of Plasmodium vivax and Plasmodium falciparum has been cultivated in vitro in human blood. The parasites have been grown also in red blood cells in the presence of Locke's solution, free of calcium chlorid and in the presence of ascitic fluid. The parasites grow within red blood cells and there is no evidence that they can be grown outside of these cells. The parasites are destroyed in a very few minutes in vitro by normal human serum or by all modifications of serum that we have tested. This fact, together with numerous observations of parasites in all stages of growth apparently within red cells, renders untenable the idea of extracorpuscular development. Leucocytes phagocytize and destroy malarial plasmodia growing in vitro only when the parasites escape from their red blood cell capsule or when the latter is perforated or becomes permeable. Successive generations of Plasmodium vivax and Plasmodium falciparum have been cultivated in vitro by removing the leucocytes from the culture and by transplanting to fresh red blood cells and serum at proper intervals. The asexual cycle of Plasmodium vivax and Plasmodium falciparum cultivated in vitro does not differ from the same cycle growing in vivo. The sexual cycle has not been cultivated, though we have obtained some evidence of the possibility of its accomplishment. There can no longer be any doubt that Plasmodium vivax and Plasmodium falciparum are separate and distinct species. When grown in an identical culture medium and under exactly the same conditions they remain distinct. In twenty-nine cultures of aestivo-autumnal parasites many forms and sizes have been observed, so that evidence is supplied of the occurrence of different varieties of aetivo-autumnal malarial plasmodia. The so called tertian aetivo-autumnal variety may be seen at the proper stage in all cultures grown from merozoites. The form and appearance of the same culture of plasmodia may vary greatly under different conditions which are not necessarily destructive to the parasites. Their generation period may vary from thirty hours (aetivo-autumnal) to four days (tertian), as a result of variation in the temperature at which they were cultivated. Sexual parasites grow in the cultures and are more resistant to unfavorable conditions than schizonts, often living several days after the latter die out. Forms suggesting parthenogenesis have been observed.
Virulent pneumococci injected into the cranial or spinal cavities of monkeys produce constantly a meningitis closely resembling pneumococcus meningitis in man, except that the experimental disease pursues a more rapid course to the invariable death of the untreated animal. An homologous immune pneumococcus serum injected into the spinal canal exerts a restraining influence upon the disease to the extent that when employed early it prevented, exceptionally, the occurrence of infection and thus saved the life of the animal, and when given later it at first retarded the disease but subsequently exerted no beneficial action and was powerless to save life. A mixture of sodium oleate, immune serum, and boric acid exerted regularly a more powerful action than immune serum alone, and not only prevented the occurrence of infection but also, when administered repeatedly, arrested the progress of an actually established infection and led, often, to the enduring and perfect recovery of the inoculated animal. It is proposed to employ a similar mixture in the direct treatment of pneumococcic meningitis and possibly of still other accessible local pneumococcic infections in man.
Without claiming any close analogy between the autolytic changes and pigmentation in pathological processes, it has, we believe, been shown that iron-containing, as well as other kinds of pigments, may be formed during the autolytic degeneration of parenchymatous cells independently of the hemoglobin in the blood stream, and hence may be derived from the proteid constituents of the cell itself.
Aside from the nerve fibers which enter the pace-making node from the subepicardium, there were observed within the limits of the node a few ganglionic cells and a plexus of moniliform nerve fibrils in very close relation to its muscle fibers, hence the sino-auricular node, like the auriculo-ventricular, may be considered from a histological standpoint a neuromuscular organ.
1. Spirochoeta gallinarum can be cultivated in suitable artificial media for many successive generations and probably for indefinite periods. The presence of fresh tissue and a certain amount of oxygen seems to be essential for its growth. No perceptible odor is produced in the cultures. 2. The maximum growth of Spirochoeta gallinarum is reached on about the fifth day, but the phase of degeneration commences slowly and gradually, so that in this respect the gallinarum differs from the duttoni, kochi, obermeieri, or novyi, whose cultures are characterized by sudden onset of degeneration soon after the maximum growth is attained. 3. No rod formation resembling bacilli arises in the course of multiplication of Spirochoeta gallinarum in cultures. Many round or oval bodies appear in old cultures, but no infection of animals or formation of spiral forms from these granules has been produced. The granules are probably the degeneration products derived from the periblast of the spirochoetoe. 4. Cultures of Spirochoeta gallinarum, either old or young, do not contain a form which passes through a Berkefeld filter (V) that infects chickens or grows into spirochaetae. 5. Spirochoeta gallinarum remains virulent for chickens after being in cultures for at least thirteen generations, but it may become avirulent under certain cultural conditions. The inoculation of chickens with the attenuated culture renders the birds refractory to the subsequent infection with a virulent strain. 6. When the spirochaetae are cultivated in the media containing rabbit kidney instead of chicken muscle, the individual specimens are somewhat thicker, but otherwise typical. 7. Spirochoeta gallinarum multiplies in culture by transverse division. No positive evidence of a longitudinal division has been obtained.
The foregoing experiments demonstrate that the immunity induced in mice by preliminary treatment with tumor or certain of the normal tissues reaches its maximum at about the tenth day, after which it gradually diminishes, probably to disappear after the lapse of about eighty days. It is significant that the curves with the three tissues, spontaneous tumor, kidney, and embryo skin, should parallel each other so closely, and the occurrence renders extremely probable the view, previously expressed by Russell and by Woglom after an examination of very young grafts in immune mice and rats respectively, that the resistance elicited in each case is similar. It is evident, however, that there is a difference in the degree to which it is developed.
1. The filtered blood serum of rabbits infected with pneumococci is not toxic. 2. Extracts of pneumococci prepared by keeping emulsions of the bacteria in salt solution at 37 degrees C. for varying periods of time may be toxic, and when injected intravenously into guinea pigs, may produce a train of symptoms followed by acute death resembling that seen in acute anaphylaxis. Such extracts, however, are not uniformly toxic and it has been impossible to discover the exact conditions under which such extracts become toxic. 3. When the centrifugalized peritoneal washings of guinea pigs infected with pneumococci are injected into the circulation of normal guinea pigs, these animals very frequently exhibit symptoms like those seen in acute anaphylaxis, and a considerable proportion of the animals die acutely. 4. When pneumococci are dissolved in dilute solutions of bile salts and the solution resulting is injected intravenously into rabbits and guinea pigs, these animals show with great constancy the same symptoms that are seen in acute anaphylaxis. The solution of pneumococci in bile may occur in ten minutes at 37 degrees C. or in half an hour on ice. This is considered evidence that the toxicity of the solution does not result from digestion of the bacterial protein, but is due to substances preformed in the bacterial cells and set free on their solution. The toxicity of the solution is diminished or destroyed by heating to 55 degrees C. or over.
These experiments demonstrate that protective substances are usually present in the blood of patients recovering from lobar pneumonia. As a rule, the appearance of protective bodies in the blood, when demonstrable, coincides rather sharply with the period of critical fall in temperature and the disappearance of symptoms. These substances are not present in the blood in any measurable degree before the crisis, but afterward they may reach a considerable concentration. In certain instances, protective substances either become evident some time after the occurrence of the crisis, or cannot be demonstrated at any period of the disease. Experiments in which it is possible to test serum against an homologous strain of pneumococcus yield in the majority of cases evidence of the presence of protective bodies; whereas in those in which stock cultures are used, the serum, as a rule, shows no protection. The development of specific protective substances in the serum of patients with lobar pneumonia suggests that these bodies may play a part in the mechanism of recovery.
Studies of the bacteriology of the blood were made in thirty-seven cases of lobar pneumonia. The pneumococcus was isolated from the blood in approximately 50 per cent. of the cases studied. The course of infection in individuals with pneumococcus in the blood was more severe than in those in which no organism could be cultivated from the blood. 77 per cent. of the patients with positive blood cultures died, and 79 per cent. of patients with negative blood cultures recovered. In fatal instances of pneumonia, where the pneumococcus was found in the blood, the number of organisms per cubic centimeter of blood was very high in the last stage of the disease. In individuals dying of pneumonia without blood infection, the disease was characterized by a rapid spread of the local process in the lungs. It is not unlikely that the symptoms of collapse, developing on the fifth or sixth day of lobar pneumonia, are often the expression of serious invasion of the blood by the pneumococcus. In other instances, they mark an extension of the local process in the lungs. Strains of pneumococcus isolated from the blood of patients with lobar pneumonia were usually of high animal virulence. In a few instances where the organism isolated from the blood was of low virulence for animals, the patients recovered. The protective power of a univalent antipneumococcus serum was tested against nineteen strains of typical pneumococcus and against four strains of closely allied organisms. The serum manifested some degree of protection against twelve out of nineteen strains of typical pneumococci. No protection was observed against the atypical organisms. In eight instances the degree of protection obtained was high, in three low, and in one there occurred only a prolongation of the period of life of the inoculated animal.
The coagulation time of the blood is generally prolonged during the acute stage of lobar pneumonia, returning to normal during the period of convalescence. There seems to be a simultaneous increase in the quantity of circulating fibrinogen. The lengthening of the coagulation time is probably due to an increased formation of antithrombin. The source of the increased antithrombin and fibrinogen is probably the liver, and the stimulus to increased production of these two substances is due to the nature of the infecting organism.
A diminution in the carbon dioxide content of the blood is a constant feature in pneumonia. Occasional cases, however, may fail to show low carbon dioxide. The carbon dioxide in the blood bears little definite relation to the severity of the disease, except that it tends to be lowest in severe cases and in the terminal stages of the disease. There is less deviation from the normal in short or mild cases. The diminution in the carbon dioxide in the blood bears no immediate relation to temperature, as it may persist for some days after the patient is afebrile. The diminution in carbon dioxide corresponds to the other evidences of metabolic changes in infection and, like them, may be even greater after than during the febrile period. The changes in the carbon dioxide content of the blood run parallel to the output of ammonia in the urine. The carbon dioxide appears to bear no relation to chlorine excretion. In two unusual cases the carbon dioxide content of the blood was normal or above normal. This was associated with a very low oxygen content of the venous blood.
The most striking feature observed in this study is the extensive variation of the serum in relation to its proteins. It was found that in certain diseases the globulin fraction is markedly increased, whereas the total protein of the serum may be normal, or may fall far below normal in amount. The diseases in which an increase in the globulins takes place may be grouped as follows: (1) cardiac diseases associated with decompensation and serous effusions, (2) pulmonary or respiratory affections of inflammatory or non-inflammatory origin (pneumonia, emphysema, polycythemia), (3) diabetes mellitus, and (4) parenchymatous nephritis. In the serum of chronic parenchymatous nephritis the increase in the globulin content is most pronounced and may constitute nearly all the protein, or as much as 95 per cent. The globulin content of serum is normal or diminished in the following diseases: (1) simple achylia gastrica (short duration), (2) tuberculosis, (3) diabetes insipidus, and (4) chronic interstitial nephritis. Other ingredients of the sera analyzed showed variations which cannot be definitely classified; but in a general way it appears upon careful analysis that an accumulation of water and salt occurs in those diseases in which the globulin fraction of the blood serum is increased.
IT MAY BE CONCLUDED FROM THE RESULTS OBTAINED IN THESE EXPERIMENTS : 1. That stimulation of the right vagus nerve in the dog usually causes arrest of all the chambers of the heart. 2. That stimulation of the left vagus nerve exerts a moderate negative chronotropic effect on the auricles. 3. That stimulation of the left vagus nerve has a profound effect on the conduction of impulses over the auriculoventricular system. 4. That the degree of effect exercised on the auriculoventricular system by stimulation of the left vagus nerve varies. In some dogs conduction is depressed to an extent which causes only a delay in the conduction of impulses from auricles to ventricles (P-R time) ; in other dogs the conduction is depressed to a degree which results in incomplete heart-block; while in still other dogs conduction is so depressed that although the auricles continue to contract, no impulses pass from them to the ventricles. 5. That when stimulation of either the right or left vagus nerve causes asystole of nomotopic ventricular contractions, ectopic ventricular contractions may occur. 6. That the time which elapses before ectopic ventricular contractions occur depends upon the irritability of the ventricular muscle, and this may vary in different dogs. 7. That stimulation of the left vagus nerve may rarely cause sino-auricular block. Possibly stimulation of the right nerve may also produce this effect. 8. That there is consequently usually a great qualitative difference in the action of the two vagus nerves on the heart of the dog.
THE RESULTS OF THIS STUDY OF THE CHANGES IN THE BLOOD AFTER SPLENECTOMY AND OF THE EFFECT OF THE ADMINISTRATION OF HEMOLYTIC SERUM ALLOW THE FOLLOWING TENTATIVE CONCLUSIONS: 1. The failure of a hemolytic serum to cause jaundice is due in some way to the anemia which frequently follows splenectomy. Animals, whether splenectomized or not, which have a low blood count and low hemoglobin content do not readily develop jaundice after administration of a hemolytic serum. On the other hand, in animals with a normal blood picture such a serum readily causes, during early periods after splenectomy, a well marked jaundice. 2. The difficulty of producing hemoglobinemia and jaundice in animals splenectomized one month or more, is due, as shown by blood count, the use of hypotonic salt solution test, and by the search for the presence of hemoglobin in the serum and urine, to an increase in the resistance of the red cells. The results of detailed serologic tests upon this point will be presented later. 3. It is possible that spontaneous jaundice occurring at long periods after splenectomy is an accompaniment of the complete regeneration of the blood. The study of the blood in animals splenectomized for long periods, seven to ten months, indicates that spontaneous jaundice occurs only when the animal has recovered from the initial period of anemia and has a high red cell count and high hemoglobin content. 4. As to the mechanism responsible for the anemia following splenectomy and for the increased resistance of the red cells, we can at present offer no explanation.
1. The erythrocytes of splenectomized dogs show increased resistance to the action of hypotonic salt solutions and to specific hemolytic immune serum. The degree of resistance appears to increase with the length of time that has elapsed after splenectomy. 2. This increased resistance of the erythrocytes is not due to an increased antihemolytic power of the animal's serum or to a diminished complementary value of the serum, but is a property depending upon the erythrocytes themselves. 3. Non-splenectomized animals receiving a single injection of specific hemolytic immune serum and developing a temporary anemia show likewise on recovery an increased resistance of the corpuscles without the presence of antihemolysin in demonstrable amount. 4. As anemia of varying grade is a characteristic result of splenectomy, it would appear that the increased resistance of the corpuscles is a concomitant of the regeneration of the red cells following such anemia and is thus analogous to the increased resistance of such cells not infrequently observed in various forms of experimental anemia. 5. There is no evidence to indicate that the anemia after splenectomy is due to the presence of hemolytic bodies, or that the increased resistance of the cells is due to antihemolytic bodies, accumulating in the serum as the result of the ablation of the spleen. It is evident therefore that the spleen in some way controls or regulates blood destruction (and regeneration ?), and in the hope of throwing light on the subject, an investigation of the bone marrow and lymph nodes of splenectomized dogs is now under way.
In a large proportion of dogs that have been splenectomized for periods of two weeks or more, one finds a great increase in the number of endothelial cells of the lymph nodes. In most splenectomized dogs that succumb to an injection of hemolytic immune serum within forty-eight hours, the sinuses of the lymph nodes contain large numbers of endothelial cells, phagocytic for red cells. This is not seen in normal dogs receiving hemolytic serum. Likewise a similar power of phagocytosis is seen frequently in the stellate cells of the capillaries of the liver. Both in the lymph nodes and the liver these cells appear to be formed in situ; we find no evidence that they have been transported to these organs. Such findings suggest the development of a compensatory function on the part of the lymph nodes and possibly of the liver. Normally the spleen contains cells which have the power to engulf and presumably to destroy the red blood corpuscles. In certain pathological conditions this function is frequently greatly augmented and may sometimes be shared by the lymph nodes, for example, in typhoid fever, as was first clearly shown by Mallory. Our observations suggest that in the absence of the spleen, this function of forming red blood corpuscle-phagocyting cells, normally a minor activity of the lymph nodes, becomes highly developed in the latter organs, and that these cells, and the stellate cells of the liver, thus assume, in part at least, the function of destroying red blood corpuscles by phagocytosis. In view of the somewhat limited material at our disposal, we offer this, not as definitely conclusive, but as evidence which, in connection with the work of others, is highly suggestive of the possibility of the lymph nodes assuming some of the function of the spleen. Whether this activity of the endothelial cells of the lymph nodes and the liver has any bearing on the anemia that follows splenectomy and on the occurrence of spontaneous jaundice in the late periods after splenectomy, is not yet clear.
It will be seen that uranium nephritis, which involves both tubules and glomeruli, the former more markedly than the latter, produces a marked accumulation of nitrogen in the blood. Chromate nephritis, which involves almost exclusively the tubules, produces only moderate retention of nitrogen. Cantharidin nephritis which involves both tubules and glomeruli, the latter more severely than does uranium, produces a marked accumulation of nitrogen, beginning early and persisting for a considerable period. The experiments were controlled by testing the blood of normal cats kept under the same conditions, these animals showing only slight variations from day to day. This general statement is in accordance with the physiological classification of these nephritides except that the retention in uranium occurs at an early stage, where, according to the physiological studies of Schlayer and his associates, and of Pearce, Hill, and Eisenbrey, the vascular changes have not as yet appeared. It must be noticed that in the three types of nephritis that form the subject of this investigation, anatomical study shows the glomerulus to be distinctly involved in the two forms where accumulation of nitrogen in the blood is most marked, a condition indicating that although almost pure tubular involvement produces only moderate accumulation, the additional involvement of the glomerulus is extremely important in leading to a retention of nitrogenous waste products. The accumulation of non-protein nitrogen in the blood and tissues is not large when compared with the total intake or elimination of nitrogen, and consequently it is practically impossible by means of ordinary nitrogen equilibrium experiments to demonstrate the fact of the retention, to say nothing of determining the degree of accumulation of waste products accompanying nephritis. That both can be demonstrated by the method employed in this research is clearly shown by the figures recorded ablove.
As a result of this study it may be stated that primary splenomegaly of the Gaucher type is a distinct disease, related in all probability to the blood diseases. It begins usually at an early age, frequently affects several members of a family, and runs a chronic course. The clinical manifestations are: pronounced hypertrophy of the spleen, subsequent enlargement of the liver, absence of palpable lymph nodes, absence of jaundice and ascites, absence of characteristic blood changes, discoloration or pigmentation of the skin, and a tendency to epistaxis or other hemorrhages. The lesions are found in the spleen, lymph nodes, bone marrow, and liver. These organs show the presence of iron-containing pigment, and large multinuclear cells with a characteristic cytoplasm. In the early cases peculiar large phagocytic cells arising from atypical large lymphocytes are found in the follicles (keimcentra) of the hemapoietic system. After leaving the follicles these cells possess phagocytic qualities for a certain period. As a result of the phagocytosisthe cells enlarge, the nature of the cytoplasm changes, and the cells acquire a characteristic vacuolated and wrinkled appearance. The cells are carried from the spleen through the portal system to the liver, where they are destroyed. The irritation produced by this destructive process gives rise to an increase in the intralobular connective tissue. The disease is eminently a chronic one, without any of the manifestations of malignancy, and always terminating as the result of some intercurrent affection. The etiology is unknown, although a family predisposition to some toxic agent which causes an irritability of the follicles in the hemapoietic system probably exists. The possibility of some protozoan infection as an etiological factor must not be overlooked.
The domestic fly (Musca domestica) can carry the virus of poliomyelitis in an active state for several days upon the surface of the body and for several hours within the gastro-intestinal tract. Mosquitos (Culex pipiens, Culex sollicitans, and Culex cantator), in our experiments, have not taken up and maintained in a living state the virus from the spinal cord of monkeys. Lice (Pediculus capitis and Pediculus vestimenti) have not taken the virus out of the blood of monkeys or maintained it in a living state. The bedbug (Cimex lectularius) has taken the virus with the blood from infected monkeys and maintained it in a living state within the body for a period of seven days.
1. Leucoprotease splits pneumococci into lower cleavage products than are obtained with the autolytic ferment contained in the pneumococci. 2. Such cleavage products injected into rabbits have the property of producing immune bodies in the blood of the injected animals. 3. These experiments indicate that proteolysis plays a part in the production of pneumococcus immunity.
In the thirty-two unselected cases studied, cultures were taken from both the blood and the sputum, and in five of these more than one blood culture was taken. In one case the culture was taken from the blood only, and in this instance the pneumococcus was found. This case will be considered only with reference to the incidence of the pneumococci in blood cultures in lobar pneumonia. The results in the thirty-two cases in which cultures were made both from the blood and the sputum are as follows: 1. In eleven cases the blood and sputum cultures were positive. (a) In nine cases the pneumococcus was isolated, and five of these patients died. (b) In two cases, instead of the pneumococcus, Streptococcus hemolysans (longus) was found. One of these patients died. 2. In twenty-one cases the blood cultures were negative, and in eighteen of these the sputum cultures were positive and in three negative. In these three the only result recorded was the absence of the pneumococcus. (a) In nine cases the pneumococcus was isolated. Two of these patients died. (b) In twelve cases no pneumococcus was found. Two of these patients died. Of the patients in which no pneumococcus was found, in two cases Bacillus coli was isolated; in one case Micrococcus catarrhalis; in one case a staphylococcus (type not stated); in two cases staphylococcus and streptococcus; in one case Bacillus influenzae, in one case Bacillus fluorescens non-liquefaciens; in one case an unidentified Gram positive chromogenic organism, probably saprophytic; and in three cases there are no recorded results except that the pneumococcus was absent. In the total of thirty-three blood cultures, the pneumococcus was found in ten cases (30.3 per cent.), and six of the patients died. During the years 1910 to 1912 sputum cultures were taken from forty-four cases of pneumonia, of which twenty-four showed pneumococci (54 per cent.), and twenty showed no pneumococci (45 per cent.).
Pancreatic tissue implanted in the spleen and separated from its original vascular and nervous connections can live and functionate for months. A small nodule of pancreatic tissue composed of acini without demonstrable islands of Langerhans prevented the development of diabetes. Death occurred 187 days after the extirpation of the pancreas.
Closed duodenal loops may be made in dogs by ligatures placed just below the pancreatic duct and just beyond the duodenojejunal junction, together with a posterior gastro-enterostomy. These closed duodenal loop dogs die with symptoms like those of patients suffering from volvulus or high intestinal obstruction. This duodenal loop may simulate closely a volvulus in which there has been no vascular disturbance. Dogs with closed duodenal loops which have been washed out carefully survive a little longer on the average than animals with unwashed loops. The duration of life in the first instance is one to three days, with an average of about forty-eight hours. The dogs usually lose considerable fluid by vomiting and diarrhea. A weak pulse, low blood pressure and temperature are usually conspicuous in the last stages. Autopsy shows more or less splanchnic congestion which may be most marked in the mucosa of the upper small intestine. The peritoneum is usually clear and the closed loop may be distended with thin fluid, or collapsed, and contain only a small amount of pasty brown material. The mucosa of the loop may show ulceration and even perforation, but in the majority of cases it is intact and exhibits only a moderate congestion. Simple intestinal obstruction added to a closed duodenal loop does not modify the result in any manner, but it may hasten the fatal outcome. The liver plays no essential role as a protective agent against this poison, for a dog with an Eck fistula may live three days with a closed loop. A normal dog reacts to intraportal injection and to intravenous injection of the toxic substance in an identical manner. Drainage of this loop under certain conditions may not interfere with the general health over a period of weeks or months. Excision of the part of the duodenum included in this loop causes no disturbance. The material from the closed duodenal loops contains no bile, pancreatic juice, gastric juice, or split products from the food. It can be formed in no other way than by the activity of the intestinal mucosa and the growth of the intestinal bacteria. This material after dilution, autolysis, sterilization, and filtration produces a characteristic effect when introduced intravenously. When in toxic doses it causes a profound drop in blood pressure, general collapse, drop in temperature, salivation, vomiting, and profuse diarrhea, which is often blood-stained. Splanchnic congestion is the conspicuous feature at autopsy and shows especially in the villi of the duodenal and jejunal mucosae. Adrenalin, during this period of low blood pressure and splanchnic congestion, will cause the usual reaction when given intravenously, but applied locally or given intravenously it causes no bleaching of the engorged intestinal mucosa. Secretin is not found in the duodenal loop fluid, and the loop material does not influence the pancreatic secretion. Intraportal injection of the toxic material gives a reaction similar to intravenous injection. Intraperitoneal and subcutaneous injections produce a relatively slow reaction which closely resembles the picture seen in the closed duodenal loop dog. In both cases there is a relatively slow absorption, but the splanchnic congestion and other findings, though less intense, are present in both groups. There seems, therefore, to be no escape from the conclusion that a poisonous substance is formed in this closed duodenal loop which is absorbed from it and causes intoxication and death. Injection of this toxic substance into a normal dog gives intoxication and a reaction more intense but similar to that developing in a closed-loop dog.
The blood of closed duodenal loop dogs is not toxic to normal dogs. The blood of dogs that have been fatally poisoned with duodenal loop fluid is likewise non-toxic to normal dogs. The mucosa of closed or drained duodenal loops contains a toxic substance quite similar to the toxic material found in the lumen of the closed loops. This toxic substance is absorbed from the mucosa itself and not from the lumen of the drained loops. The same is probably true of the closed loops which have an intact mucosa. It seems highly probable that the poison is formed by the mucosa and is in great part absorbed directly from it by the blood. Normal intestinal mucosa contains no toxic substance nor can it neutralize in vitro the toxic substance produced in the closed loops. There is no evidence that the toxic material when given intravenously is excreted by the intestine or held by the intestinal mucosa in any demonstrable form. The toxic substance is not absorbed from the normal intestinal tract. Destruction of the mucosa in a closed loop by means of sodium fluoride prevents the formation of the toxic substance. This fact furnishes the final proof that the mucosa is the essential factor in the elaboration of the poisonous material.
1. Cholesterin, whether suspended in dilute alcohol or in sodium oleate solution, when injected directly into tumors causes a marked acceleration both of the primary and of the metastatic growth. 2. The acceleration of the growth of the primary tumor by cholesterin is most evident in the premetastatic stage. 3. Lecithin, when injected in the form of an aqueous emulsion directly into tumors, diminishes the tendency to form metastases, retards the metastatic growth when it does occur, and in some instances also retards the primary growth. 4. The retardation due to lecithin is most evident in the metastatic stage. 5. Simultaneous injection of M/6 strontium chloride solution into the tumors does not appreciably affect the action of the lecithin.
The intrabronchial insufflation of a non-virulent pneumococcus causes, like the insufflation of a virulent pneumococcus, the development of an exudate in the lungs which, in general, leaves the framework unaffected, and the lesion presents the gross appearance of a lobar pneumonia. It differs, however, materially from the pneumonia produced by virulent pneumococci in the important points that the consolidation tends to a more rapid resolution, the disease is non-fatal, the blood is not invaded by the organism, and the exudate is strikingly poor in fibrin. As to the question which was the starting point for the foregoing investigation, namely, whether the pneumonic lesion produced by the streptococcus is merely a form of pneumonia caused by a less virulent organism, it may be answered for the dog, it seems, in the negative. The leucocytic infiltration of the framework of the lungs which occurs invariably in streptococcus pneumonia, and which is practically absent in the lesions caused by the virulent as well as by the non-virulent pneumococcus, is a strong enough feature to form a dividing line between the two forms of experimental pneumonia previously described.
While one can not assert that the conclusions which experiments appear to offer must of necessity correspond to the conditions which arise clinically in man, nevertheless these results, if definite, must tend to show the direction in which the truth lies. The conclusions which may be drawn from this research are as follows: 1. Direct infection of the medulla of a long bone is unlikely to lead to the development of a tuberculous osteomyelitis. 2. Inoculation of the interior of a joint with tubercle bacilli readily produces tubercle of the synovial membrane. 3. From such an infected joint the epiphysis or metaphysis of the bone becomes diseased. 4. Infection of the arterial heart blood does not result in the local development of tubercle of the bones or joints. 5. Infection of the main artery supplying a limb leads to the development of tuberculous disease of certain of the joints of that limb. 6. Direct infection of the nutrient artery does not result in tuberculous osteomyelitis of the bone.
The first specimen of Ammocoetes branchialis that showed histologically any atrophic changes in the endostyle was taken on July 16. These changes proceeded relatively rapidly for about a month, after which the endostyle as such was no longer recognized. All specimens examined after August 15 showed in cross section the characteristic ductless follicles more or less completely formed. More gradual and minor changes in the way of further absorption of cell remnants and completion of the follicles continued at least until September 1. Two specimens taken from the creek on September 4, 1911. showed complete follicle formation with some stainable colloid (figures 14 and 15). There was still yellow granular pigment in the fibrous tissue between the follicles. In two specimens taken on October 14, 1909, the pigment was absent and the follicles were more closely set, larger, and contained homogenous colloid. In the twenty-four specimens of ammocoetes studied, there were variations in the time of the onset of metamorphosis. There may also be variations in the rate of progress of the changes in different specimens. There is no evidence that removal of the animals from their native environment to the laboratory either increases or decreases the rate of metamorphosis. Schneider states that he was unable to get specimens kept in the laboratory to undergo metamorphosis. Gage, however, has repeatedly observed the metamorphosis under laboratory conditions, and the six of our specimens kept in the laboratory-some for forty days-remained in excellent condition and the metamorphosis proceeded as well as in those living in the creek. I know of no observations bearing on the question as to whether the metamorphosis may be hastened or delayed as it can be in tadpoles and other amphibia. It is probable, however, that physical conditions greatly influence the transformation. These observations as to the length of time from the inception to the completion of metamorphosis indicate that a month and probably longer is necessary for the lake and brook lampreys of Central New York. This is in agreement with the observations of Gage and of Muller on metamorphosis in general, but is at variance with the views of Bujor, who states that the process takes place within three to four days. The first endostylar changes are a gradual shrinkage in the whole organ with thickening of the capsule and septum and proliferation of the connective tissue in the periendostylar zone. The tongue anlage is developed in this thickening just dorsal to the endostyle and anterior to the gland orifice. The size of the chambers progressively decreases and with the thickening of the septum the halves of the endostyle are both absolutely and relatively more separated. All the five types of epithelia are affected, the first to show the change being type I, the four fan-shaped bundles of cuneiform cells of each half of the endostyle. These disappear totally quite early. The next type to show marked changes is type III, or the cells with yellow pigment granules. Here the change is progressive and these cell groups in different stages of atrophy may be traced through to the fully developed follicles. The epithelium of type V, or the endothelial-like lining of the parietal walls of the chambers, is piled up and extruded laterally as the chambers contract or shrink. These cells in different stages of atrophy may be followed until the metamorphosis is nearing completion. It is certain that the cells of types I, III, and V play no part in the formation of the ductless follicles. With types II and IV the question is not so easily settled as it is from one or the other or from both of these types that the permanent follicles arise. One can say definitely that type IV plays the major role, but whether the cells of type II after fusion with the basal group of type IV do not also share in the formation of the ventral follicle of the given chamber, I cannot decide, but from the evidence obtainable this seems probable. It is significant that the cells of type IV are continuous with, and indistinguishable from, the cells lining the orifice and are continued anteriorly in the deep pharyngeal groove and peripharyngeal grooves as well as posteriorally from the orifice in the small pharyngeal groove. As to the fate of this extraglandular epithelium of type IV I have no data save that with the closing of the orifice and the formation of the permanent branchial sac these grooves with their ciliated epithelium disappear and the whole sac comes to be lined with plain stratified epithelium. The fact that the cells of the pharyngeal grooves and the lining cells of the gland orifice are continuous with the cells of the endostyle from which the permanent thyroid follicles are formed is not without significance in relation to the development of the thyroid of the higher chordates. One or more very large follicles are formed from the lower portion of this orificial epithelium of type IV. Four ductless follicles are the maximum number that may be formed primarily in each half of the endostyle from the four areas of epithelium of type IV. From the specimens studied this maximum is frequently not obtained. Posterior to the orifice where four chambers exist, each corresponding to one half of an anterior chamber, but two follicles may be formed from each chamber, but in the coil these are proportionately increased, in cross section. Most of the detailed studies here recorded have been made on the part of the endostyle posterior to the coil where the simplest conditions exist. Here two follicles are ordinarily formed from each chamber. In cross sections the follicles are at first only long tubules whose cavities are the remnants of the original endostyle chambers, but when the metamorphosis is completed each of these primary tubules is cut up into several elongated closed sacs corresponding to the true ductless follicles of all higher chordates. New follicles also arise by budding from these primary ones, and this process is probably of normal occurrence at the metamorphosis.
1. An extract of horse leucocytes is strongly bactericidal when dissolved in distilled water; it has considerable bactericidal power when dissolved in physiological saline; but it loses its bactericidal properties when mixed with blood serum or with normal or pathological tissue fluids. 2. About half the antibactericidal action of blood serum is due to the serum colloids, about a quarter to the neutral serum crystalloids, and a quarter to the diffusible alkalies. Diffusible acids have no antibactericidal action. 3. The addition of boric acid to an inactive mixture of leucocytic extract and serum or other body fluid occasionally restores part of the original bactericidal power, but never more than a small fraction of that power.
The experiments show that intrabronchial insufflation of a culture of virulent pneumococcus killed by heat and still containing stainable organisms produces an inextensive, mild, patchy, superficial inflammation of the lung tissue bearing no similarity to the lesions produced by the living pneumococcus, and that insufflation of sterile bouillon causes a pronounced congestion of the lung tissue with which it comes in contact, sometimes lasting for forty-eight hours.
An abnormal auricular activity is produced by faradization of the right auricle of the dog, which frequently becomes established and continues for varying periods of time after faradization is discontinued. This auricular activity consists of a rapid auricular tachycardia coexisting with true auricular fibrillation. In some dogs the auricles are thrown into this abnormal activity more readily by faradization after the vagi have been cut than before. Cutting the nerves has little or no effect on the abnormal auricular activity, but the ventricular rate may be much increased if the vagi are cut after the abnormal auricular activity has been established, apparently because of an improvement in the auriculoventricular conductivity. Stimulation of the right vagus nerve changes the character of the activity of the faradized auricles by inhibiting the auricular tachycardia while the fibrillation is uninfluenced. Stimulation of the left vagus nerve has little or no apparent inhibitory effect on the auricular tachycardia, but has possibly an inhibitory effect on the auricular fibrillation. Vagus stimulation increases the susceptibility of the auricles to faradization. The abnormal activity set up by faradization may be established in hearts otherwise refractory by vagus stimulation of short duration following the faradization. Vagus stimulation usually holds the auricles in the abnormal activity set up by faradization as long as it is continued in hearts in which, without vagus stimulation, the sequential beat always returns as soon as faradization is stopped. The right vagus is more effectual in this respect than the left. In some hearts vagus stimulation alone is capable of initiating the same abnormal auricular activity which is caused by auricular faradization. The normal sequential beat is often restored by vagus stimulation. It replaces the abnormal auricular activity not during, but a few seconds after, the termination of vagus stimulation. Left vagus stimulation is somewhat more effectual in producing this result than right vagus stimulation.
The following conclusions may be drawn from the results obtained in this study. 1. In the minor surgical cases (considered normal) the chemical composition of the blood serum agrees, as far as its proteins are concerned, with the usual standard values. When examined at different times, the serum of such cases shows no variation in the total protein content or in its individual fractions. The incoagulable nitrogen, however, varies considerably in the total amount in the different cases, as well as in its percentage relations to the other constituents of the serum. 2. The cases of prostatic hypertrophy, with or without chronic interstitial nephritis, show no change from the normal in the character of the protein composition of the serum, nor in the ratio which the individual fractions bear to each other. On the other hand, the incoagulable and non-protein nitrogen of the serum show marked fluctuations, some of which correspond to the degree of functional deficiency of the kidneys. 3. In cases of localized infections of the kidneys, the changes in the blood serum are twofold. One concerns the proteins, and is traceable to the infection; and the other concerns the non-protein nitrogen, results from functional impairment, and varies with the amount of destruction of the kidney substance. Thus an increase in the globulins is observed in these sera similar to that occurring in infections in other localities; the non-protein content increases apparently in direct proportion to the degree of deficiency of the kidney, and becomes diminished when the function of the kidneys improves.
1. A single intravenous injection into dogs of a sufficient number of freshly washed typhoid bacteria produces the symptoms and pathology that characterize anaphylaxis in these animals. 2. These effects are not produced by the coagulable protein-free filtrate from a fresh emulsion, while a similar filtrate from an emulsion digested with leucoprotease is very potent, the toxic portion of the bacterial bodies being changed from a coagulable to a non-coagulable state. 3. The symptoms and pathology described are not specific, since they can be produced by substances other than typhoid toxins. 4. Digestion with leucoprotease furnishes a method of liberating toxic substances from typhoid bacteria resembling the processes of nature more closely than the methods heretofore used. 5. The toxic substances thus liberated are not destroyed by a heat and acid precipitation of the coagulable proteins, and are of the nature of primary proteoses.
An osteochondrosarcoma of the common fowl, designated in this laboratory as Chicken Tumor VII, has been successfully transplanted to seven successive series of hosts. The original growth contained bone and cartilage, was attached to the sternal keel of an otherwise healthy chicken, and appeared to have arisen from this structure. In the growths derived from its transplantation cartilage is regularly laid down, followed later by bone in case the host lives long enough. The prechondral tissue consists of spindle-shaped or multipolar cells of the fibroblast type. The histological character and the behavior of this prechondral tissue show that it is sarcomatous, a fact further proven by one recent case in which the tumor has metastasized. The secondary growth in this instance consisted of prechondral tissue in which a cartilaginous change was taking place. The tumor could not be transferred to pigeons, the one foreign species tested, but grew readily in chickens of two alien breeds. Reinoculation experiments suggest the occurrence of a natural, individual immunity, and of a certain degree of acquired resistance. In one fowl visceral growths developed following an intravenous injection of tumor emulsion, although whether they were due to this cause or were secondary to the large implantation growths in the muscles is uncertain. Recently the tumor has been transmitted by means of the filtrate from a Berkefeld filter.
Inoculation of the Jensen rat sarcoma into the developing chick embryo gives a rapidly growing tumor at the site of inoculation, whether in the membranes or in the body of the chick itself. These tumors by transfer from embryo to embryo can be kept going for as long as forty-six days, and perhaps indefinitely in the foreign species. The rat cells show no morphological change even after a very long dependence. Their biological characters are also retained, as is shown by the fact that the cells when replanted in the rat, after a prolonged sojourn in the chick, will produce a rapidly growing sarcoma of the Jensen type. These rat tissues grown for long periods in the chick show no adaptation to the new species, being destroyed even more rapidly when placed in the adult chicken than cells taken directly from the rat. Morphologically the cells retain a close resemblance to those in the original tumor. Other tissues grown in chick embryo are various embryonic cells from the chicken, mouse, and rat, the Ehrlich sarcoma and chondroma of the mouse, a mammary carcinoma of the mouse, the Flexner-Jobling adenocarcinoma of the rat, and a human sarcoma.
1. In primary cultures sarcoma cells exhibit a much greater activity than do normal connective tissue cells grown from the adult blood vessel; there is a shorter latent period, ameboid phenomena are more marked, and cell multiplication proceeds more rapidly. 2. In secondary cultures sarcoma cells are less active than in primary cultures; connective tissue cells, on the other hand, show a markedly accelerated growth. 3. Connective tissue cells are more easily propagated over long periods in vitro than are sarcoma cells; they multiply actively in cultures more than three months old. 4. The method of tissue cultivation is well adapted to the study of normal and pathological cell division; the nuclear changes are easily discernible in the living cell as division proceeds, and staining methods may be applied to verify observations upon the unstained structures. 5. Atypical mitoses of several kinds are found in cultures of sarcoma cells but are not seen in growths of connective tissue. 6. The time required for division in rat connective tissue cells kept at body temperature (38 degrees C.) varies within relatively narrow limits (twenty to fifty minutes); sarcoma cells, on the contrary, exhibit marked variations and several hours may be required. 7. In studies upon living cells amitotic division has not been observed in either normal or tumor tissue. Evidences of nuclear budding, however, with the formation of cells containing several nuclei of irregular size have been noted.(3) The development of a cell with two nuclei from a mononuclear cell by mitotic division of the nucleus without division of the cytoplasm has also been observed.
1. The reported successful transfer of scarlet fever to both higher and lower monkeys is not definitely established. 2. In the course of the experiments here reported, the infectious agent can be assumed to have been carried over to the monkeys. The failure to cause infection probably proceeds from the insusceptibility of the monkeys employed, or to the manner of introducing the agent. 3. The temperature curve and leucocyte count of monkeys are unsatisfactory criteria for the diagnosis of disease in those animals. 4. Monkeys frequently have transient blotchy, erythematous eruptions on the face and neck, and almost always a bran-like desquamation. 5. Monkeys are highly resistant to infection with microorganisms from human beings.
It is obvious, as stated in the beginning, that these experiments have failed to reproduce a chronic pulmonary tuberculosis. Acute pneumonic processes of tubercular origin are, however, not infrequent as a complicating or terminal process in pulmonary phthisis, and there have been several cases described in which individuals have died with the symptom complex of acute lobar pneumonia, in which it developed at post-mortem examination that the disease was tuberculosis. Our experiments throw some light on debated questions in connection with these acute pneumonic forms of phthisis. In our experiments we believe that we have effectively reproduced this exudative type of tuberculosis of the lungs. This type of lesion may, in the light of our experiments, result from the sudden bronchogenic invasion of large numbers of virulent tubercle bacilli in a relatively resistant animal. The large mononuclear cells so frequently encountered in the exudate seem to be brought there chiefly from outside.(1) As Orth found when studying human material, it is difficult here also, to exclude the possibility that similar cells may result from the desquamation of alveolar epithelium. The tubercle bacillus alone, without the aid of secondary infection, is competent to produce a type of lesion which leads to necrosis of the bronchi, and by discharge of the necrotic material to cavity formation. As judged by our experiments the bronchi are less resistant to involvement in the necrosis than are the blood vessels or pleural surfaces. The fact that by the method of bronchial insufflation of Lamar and Meltzer a characteristic tuberculous pneumonia may be produced makes it probable that the lobar pneumonias generally are of bronchogenic origin.
This study of globin and its compound with casein (globin caseinate) shows that globin fails to produce fixation antibodies in rabbits after repeated injections, thus agreeing with our own work and with that of others with similar histon bodies which are primarily toxic. When globin is combined with casein, however, it gives rise to antibodies that react not only with globin caseinate and casein but also with globin. The antibodies in antiglobin casein serum are apparently separate, one for globin and one for casein. In other words, the change in globin undergone on combination with casein has apparently rendered it antigenic. We did not succeed in demonstrating the genesis of this new antigenic property by anaphylaxis experiments. A further investigation of similar and more complex combined proteins is indicated and gives promise of more light on the nature of biological specificity.
Although the study of experimental nephritis by physiological methods shows that the most striking effect of cantharidin is injury of the blood vessels, the great abundance of mitotic figures in the tubular epithelium in the stage of repair points to an equally widespread and severe epithelial injury. Caution must therefore be observed in ascribing the physiological disturbances of kidney function caused by cantharidin as due exclusively to a vascular injury, and in regarding cantharidin nephritis as a pure type of vascular nephritis.
1. Mallory's connective tissue stain used in connection with fixation of tissue by Zenker's fluid or bichloride of mercury demonstrates the presence or absence of iodin in the thyroid colloid, as is evidenced by parallel chemical determinations, iodin feeding, and test-tube experiments. 2. Greatly increased activity of the heart is accompanied by a loss of thyro-iodin from the colloid of the thyroid. 3. This method, while apparently not adaptable to clinical use, may prove of value in further experimental work on the thyroid.
The data brought together in this report have been gathered from a wide territory and for a period extending over several years. The antimeningitis serum was first employed in 1906 and the latest figures relating to its use included in this report were furnished in 1912. There is no longer doubt that the serum has come to be applied under conditions fairly representing all known manifestations of epidemic meningitis. Hence the test of the serum treatment may be regarded as having been a rigorous one. The initial difficulties surrounding the administration by direct subdural injection have been largely overcome and doubtless will be still further mastered. Already the serum is being successfully applied in private as well as in hospital practice. This gain will probably be reflected in a still further diminution of the mortality since early injection plays such a large part in determining the results achieved. The 1,300 cases studied in this report are a part only of a far greater number of cases actually treated with the serum supplied by the Rockefeller Institute. It was not found possible to secure histories of all the cases treated; but there is no reason to suppose that the results of the analysis would have been essentially different if reports of a still larger number of cases had been returned. The decision arrived at is not based upon statistical computations alone, but upon objective data as well that are not readily misinterpreted. The conclusion that follows was first stated in 1909 as the result of an analysis of 400 serum-treated cases. It is supported by the study of the larger series of cases just presented. "In view of the various considerations presented, the conclusion may be drawn that the antimeningitis serum, when used by the subdural method of injection, in suitable doses and at proper intervals, is capable of reducing the period of illness; of preventing, in large measure, the chronic lesions and types of the infection; of bringing about complete restoration of health, in all but a very small number of the recovered, thus lessening the serious, deforming, and permanent consequences of meningitis; and of greatly diminishing the fatalities due to the disease."
A pet dog developed a form of paralysis simulating the paralysis of epidemic poliomyelitis. The autopsy showed changes in the spinal cord and intervertebral ganglia, resembling, but not identical with, the lesions of poliomyelitis in man. Inoculation of the affected spinal cord into the nervous system of young dogs and Macacus rhesus monkeys was not followed by the production of paralysis or other obvious symptom of disease.
The reduction of the oxygen capacity which occurs after incubating pneumococcus cultures with washed rabbit corpuscles is due to the formation of methemoglobin (or some derivative of hemoglobin with identical optical constants for three regions in the spectrum). The substance which induces the change is also present in the sterile filtrate of autolyzed cultures. By analogy we feel justified in concluding that the mechanism of the reduction of the oxygen capacity in human lobar pneumonia is at least in part of the same nature. To determine the frequency and intensity of the phenomenon in lobar pneumonia, and thereby to establish its clinical significance, is the next step and a problem upon which we are now engaged.
Normal and Eck fistula dogs react in a similar manner to the intravenous injection of hemoglobin obtained from laked red cells of the same animal. Hemoglobin appears in the urine after a few minutes and bile pigments in one to one and one half hours. In this simple type of hematogenous jaundice the reaction is in no way influenced by shutting out the portal blood from the liver and cutting down its blood supply to about 25 per cent. of normal. In a second type of hematogenous jaundice produced by chloroform anesthesia, which produces central liver necrosis, there is no essential difference between the normal and Eck fistula dog. The Eck fistula dog, as a rule, is more resistant to this poison, but, given a definite liver necrosis, the jaundice developing will reach its maximum on the second day as in the normal animal. This jaundice must be explained in part by capillary biliary obstruction, but in part by a hemolysin formed in the injured liver cells (Joannovics and Pick). Simple obstruction of the common duct when combined with an Eck fistula gives rise to a definite low grade icterus with bile pigment constantly present in the urine. Under these conditions after doubly ligating and cutting the common duct with separation of the cut ends, the lumen of the duct may be established and bile may enter the intestine by means of a fistulous tract between the cut ends of the bile duct. The formation of bile and bile pigments is much less in an Eck fistula dog than in a normal animal and consequently the icterus is much less intense. This is probably due to a lessened activity of the liver cells because of decreased blood supply. This observation does not harmonize with the current view that bile pigments are formed solely from hemoglobin, as there is no evidence of more hemolysis in a normal than in an Eck fistula dog. This suggests that the bile pigment may be formed in part, at least, from other substances than hemoglobin, and, further, that bile pigment formation normally may depend in part upon the functional activity of the liver cell rather than upon the amount of hemoglobin supplied to it.
The intravenous injection of red cells obtained from the same animal and laked by distilled water is similar to certain types of hemolysis which result in hematogenous jaundice. This procedure cannot be criticized on the grounds of introducing toxic substances. The hemoglobin circulating in the blood stream is rapidly changed, in part at least, to bile pigment. The change goes on with practically the same rapidity in a normal circulation, in an Eck fistula animal, and in a dog with Eck fistula and hepatic artery ligation. Moreover, the bile pigment formation goes on in a dog whose liver, spleen, and intestines have been shut out of the circulation, and in those with a head and thorax circulation. In the last experiments there had been no operative manipulation of the liver and the bile pigment could not have escaped from the liver and have been absorbed by the circulation above the diaphragm; for example, by the thoracic duct. It is possible that the endothelium of the blood vessels is the agent which brings about the rapid change of hemoglobin to bile pigment. This mechanism probably comes into play when there has been a destruction of many red cells with much hemoglobin free in the plasma. We may conclude that in dogs, at least, hemoglobin can be rapidly changed into bile pigment in the circulating blood without participation of the liver.
In summarizing the findings of this paper it may be said that degenerative changes have been noted in practically every parenchymatous organ. Among these the most striking has been that of serous imbibition by the most active cells of these organs. In regard to the changes in the glands of internal secretion, the findings corroborate the statements of Cushing in regard to hypophysectomy, that removal of one gland of internal secretion results in changes in all the other glands. In this case, degenerative changes predominate in the hypophysis, thymus, ovary, and testis, while hyperplasia is seen in the islands of Langerhans and the medullas of the adrenal glands. Finally, in the rabbit athyroidism is responsible for grave degenerative changes in practically all organs and tissues of the body, and many of the symptoms of cretinism have an anatomical basis in organic cellular changes.
The experiments here recorded, as well as those preceding them and outlined in the introductory paragraphs, have had the purpose of analyzing the phenomenon of alexin fixation occurring when dissolved, unformed proteins are added to their specific antisera. The present experiments have shown that specific precipitates have the same relation to the complement fractions first described by Ferrata that are possessed by sensitized cells. In this they differ from indifferent suspensions, like kaolin, which fix alexin and its fractions indiscriminately, fixing the end-piece without dependence upon previous adsorption of the mid-piece. The writer believes this to be of theoretical importance since it seems to show, in the first place, that the fixation of alexin by precipitates is not merely a mechanical adsorption, and in that it renders more likely the supposition that the so called precipitin is actually a protein sensitizer by which a foreign protein is rendered amenable to the proteolytic action of the alexin. The visible precipitation in such reactions is merely secondary, occurring because of the colloidal nature of the reacting bodies, under conditions of quantitative proportions and environment which favor flocculation. It does not seem necessary to assume a structure for the so called precipitins essentially different from that of other sensitizers. Carried to its logical consequences, the acceptance of this view, taking the identity of agglutinins and precipitins at least as a possibility, leads to the conception that functionally there is but one variety of specific antibodies, and that is the sensitizer which makes possible the action of alexin or complement upon various antigens.
1. In a series of non-nephritic individuals the total non-protein nitrogen of the blood, determined by Folin's method, was found to lie between 15 and 43 milligrams per 100 cubic centimeters. From 50 to 60 per cent. of this was in the ammonia-urea fraction. 2. In cardiovascular disease with renal congestion, but without other renal lesion, there was no evidence of increase of non-protein nitrogen in the blood, nor of alteration of the ammonia-urea percentage. 3. In chronic nephritis with marked albuminuria and edema there was very little, if any, increase or alteration. 4. In chronic nephritis with hypertension the non-protein nitrogen was definitely increased, ranging from 40 to 180 milligrams per 100 cubic centimeters of blood. The percentage of the ammonia-urea fraction was usually higher than in non-nephritic cases. 5. Cases showing high non-protein nitrogen values were subject to rapid fluctuations in these values in the course of a few days. As a rule, clinical improvement was associated with a fall of the non-protein nitrogen figures to nearer the normal range. 6. Uremia was almost always accompanied by an increase of non-protein nitrogen in the blood, but no constant relation could be established between the degree of increase and the tendency to uremia. 7. Our cases have not yet been followed for a long enough period to admit of conclusions as to the possible relation between the degree of non-protein nitrogen retention and ultimate prognosis. 8. We believe this method to be a valuable aid in the clinical study of nephritis and that it can be readily carried out in any well equipped clinical laboratory.
The spinal fluid in the cases of acute epidemic poliomyelitis examined was usually clear, colorless, and did not appear to be under any great increase of pressure. It showed changes in the number of cells present, or in the globulin content, or in both, in the majority of cases examined on the first few days after onset of symptoms. The number of cells was usually highest during the first week, and in one case reached the figure of 1,221 per cubic millimeter. The globulin reaction was usually most marked during the third week. The number of cells diminished rapidly and was above normal in only 32 per cent. of the cases in the third week. The increase in the globulin reaction persisted to the fourth week and might be present for a considerably longer period. The cell increase was due almost invariably to mononuclear cells of various types. The lymphocytic type of cell was the most common. A high polymorphonuclear count was noted in the very early stages. All the fluids reduced Fehling's solution. The examination of the spinal fluid may be of value in diagnosis in the preparalytic stages and in abortive cases. It is not of value in prognosis as to life or ultimate recovery.
Since the purpose of this paper is to record the cultivation of amoebae upon autolyzed tissue without bacterial association, the morphological characteristics, life cycle, means of differentiating species, and pathogenicity of the protozoa have been omitted. These subjects will be considered in later publications. The result of this study proves that some species of amoebae from liver abscesses and the human intestine can be cultivated upon various autolyzed tissues of man and some of the lower animals without a symbiotic microorganism. Their cultivation from liver abscesses upon such bacteria-free autolyzed tissue indicates that their multiplication in these lesions depends upon some product or products in the process of dissociation of the liver cells. That such a process exists in amoebic liver abscesses cannot be questioned when histological and biochemical studies are made of such lesions, and this explains not only why the multiplication of the parasites in the organ occurs, but suggests the probable origin of the lesion. It has long been known that tissue kept for several days in a perfectly aseptic condition and at body heat, or preferably at slightly higher temperature undergoes softening and final disintegration of its cells. Wells and others who have made a thorough study of this phenomenon find that different enzymic actions take place in this process: thus in the liver they find that soluble nitrogen compounds are greatly increased, the nucleoproteids are altered by nuclease, the purin bases are freed and in their turn acted upon by the guanase and adenase, the fats are split and fatty acids set free, the glycogen gives rise to glucose and undergoes further splitting. lecithin is cleaved, and allied bodies appear, and there is a marked appearance of cholin and cholesterin. Similar changes varying only in degree occur in the process of autolysis of other tissues. Furthermore, Duval in his experiments upon the cultivation of Bacillus leprae found that the initial multiplication was accomplished when the specific organism was in symbiosis with an associated bacterium capable of hydrolyzing the leprous tissue. In later experiments he noted that the products of split proteins supply what is actually required for the growth of this particular obligate cell parasite, and that while this end is reached with bacteria through their proteolytic action equally good results can be obtained with tissue free from contaminating microörganisms provided that it is allowed to autolyze. The separation of amoebae cultivated from the human intestine from their bacterial symbiont, and their development upon various autolyzed tissues indicate that it is not the bacterium that is essential for the life of these protozoa, but the action of the living bacteria upon the protein contained in the media. This would explain the failure of many investigators to cultivate amoebae with dead bacteria or bacterial filtrates. Mention has been made that the autolyzed tissue used in the cultivation experiments gave a distinct acid reaction. The multiplication of amoebae upon a medium with such a reaction appears contradictory to the findings of Musgrave and Clegg, Walker, and others, who have emphasized the necessity of an alkaline medium for the successful cultivation of amoebae with a bacterial symbiont, though in accord with what is known to be the reaction of the contents from amoebic liver abscesses and of the bloody stools in intestinal amoebiosis. The fact should not be lost sight of that, in the cultivation of amoebae, these authors lay stress upon the selectiveness of amoebae for a special microörganism. A comparison of their work with our own results indicates that bacteria known to possess strong hydrolyzing properties, e. g., Vibrio cholerae, Bacillus coli, Bacillus subtilis, Vibrio proteus (Finkler-Prior), etc., furnish the best symbionts to the amoebae. It is well known that these bacteria growing upon gelatin or blood serum liquify the medium and alter its reaction to a marked degree of acidity. This acidity, for the most part, results from dissociation of the protein molecule contained in the media, for Wiener has shown that autolysis does not begin until the normal alkalinity of the tissues has been neutralized by the production of organic acids. Since experiments show that the development of the amoebae is scant or completely arrested if the autolyzed tissue is smeared upon an acid agar base or upon agar with an alkalinity higher than 1 per cent., the limit within which multiplication can occur must be small. It is possible that this explains why amoebae are so few in the center of liver abscesses where the acidity is very high and so plentiful in or near its walls where the normal tissue juices furnish a controlling influence over the acidity of the autolyzing tissue. It explains also why a neutral or a 1 to 1.5 per cent. alkaline medium is essential for the cultivation of amoebae with a bacterial symbiont. Here the necessity for a medium with an alkaline reaction seems necessary, as bacteria, especially those having high hydrolyzing properties, develop a marked acidity in the medium. If the medium possesses an initial acidity the limit is either quickly reached or already present and no multiplication occurs. On the other hand, a medium with a reaction too alkaline either inhibits the growth of symbiotic microörganisms, or neutralizes the acid products as rapidly as they are formed by the associated bacterium. Whether the amoebae cultivated from liver abscesses and from the intestinal canal upon diverse autolyzed tissues are able to produce lesions similar to those from which they were isolated, or whether they are non-pathogenic species which are accidental contaminators to those responsible for frank lesions, remains still to be determined. Experiments bearing upon these points, as well as on many others made possible by this work, are now under way.
1. It has been found that the amount of glycuronic acid excreted in the urine, estimated by Tollens's furfurol distillation method, is increased during the febrile period of almost all cases of lobar pneumonia in man. Patients weighing from fifty-five to seventy kilograms excrete during the febrile period 0.8 to 1.3 grams of glycuronic acid in twenty-four hours, while the output of a normal individual of the same weight, age, and under similar conditions would not exceed 0.4 to 0.6 of a gram. 2. This increased output is not dependent on outside factors; it is attributable to pathological changes of the organism itself during the disease. 3. Similar observations have been made in postpneumonic empyema and bronchopneumonia. 4. Fasting rabbits, with general pneumococcus infection, have also shown a marked increase in the output of glycuronic acid during the pathological process. Whether the conjugated substances with the glycuronic acid in the cases studied have the same origin and are qualitatively the same as under normal conditions, or whether we are dealing with different compounds, has not yet been determined.
1. Under normal circumstances blood platelets are largely derived from the megakaryocyte of the blood-forming organs. 2. The transitional leucocyte, representing a persistent form of the embryonic premegakaryocyte, is a circulating homologue of the megakaryocyte and probably plays some part in normal platelet formation. 3. Under conditions of excessive demand for platelet production, there may be a greater or less reversion to an embryonic mode of platelet formation in which less highly specialized cells than the megakaryocyte participate in platelet production. 4. In addition to the megakaryocyte, the cells that have been observed to take part in platelet formation are hyperplastic endothelial cells in the marrow, and mononuclear and transitional cells (premegakaryocytes) in the marrow, spleen, and blood.
When connective tissue cells have been cultivated for a certain length of time in a medium which has been repeatedly changed, a definite relation arises between the rate of growth of the cells and the composition of the medium. It is possible, by adding to the culture medium a given quantity of certain substances, such as embryonic juices, to foresee the extent to which a fragment of tissue composed of a given strain of cells will increase in a given time. The rate of growth of a strain of cells can be accelerated or retarded by the addition to the medium of activating or retarding substances. The dynamic condition of a strain of connective tissue cells, which have been living in a given medium for some time, is not a definitely acquired characteristic, but a temporary state, and is the product or function of the medium in which the cells are living, and is readily modified merely by altering the composition of the medium. A knowledge of the characteristics of the growth of connective tissue described has led to a new result,-the indefinite proliferation of a strain of connective tissue cells outside of the organism. The strain of connective tissue originally obtained from a fragment of chick embryo heart, which had been pulsating in vitro for 104 days, was still actively alive after sixteen months of independent life and more than 190 passages. The rate of proliferation of the connective tissue sixteen months old equalled and even exceeded that of fresh connective tissue taken from an eight day old embryo. It appears, therefore, that time has no effect on the tissues isolated from the organism and preserved by means of the technique described above. During the sixteenth month of life in vitro the cells increased rapidly in number and were able in a short time to produce a large quantity of new tissue. This fact, therefore, definitely demonstrates that the tissues were not in a state of survival, as was the case in certain earlier experiments, but in a condition of real life, since the cells of which they were composed, like microorganisms, multiplied indefinitely in the culture medium.
In order to establish the influence of temperature upon the effect of varying doses of strychnin injected into frogs, the animals must be kept under observation for several days and at various definite degrees of temperature. Statements that the animal was kept "cold," "at room temperature," or "warm" are insufficient. With a certain dose tetanus may result constantly at 30 degrees C. yet never appear at 21 degrees C., and either of these temperatures might be described as warm, when compared to a room temperature of 15 degrees C. Furthermore an animal may apparently fail to respond in the cold to an injection of certain doses of strychnin and yet be found in tetanic convulsions the next day. That an animal may have late, long lasting, or strong tetanus while kept at such a low temperature as 5 degrees C. after an injection of a dose of strychnin smaller than 0.01 of a milligram per frog emphasizes the fact that great caution must be exercised in formulating laws as to the influence of temperature on drug action. The main results of this investigation may be summarized as follows: Doses of strychnin amounting to 0.0006 of a milligram per gram of frog will cause tetanus at all temperatures between 5 degrees C. and 30 degrees C., although at low temperatures the tetanus may appear late. A dose of 0.0003 of a milligram per gram of frog will frequently produce tetanus at 5 degrees C. as well as at 30 degrees or 27 degrees C., but may nevertheless fail to produce any reaction at such an intermediary temperature as 21 degrees C. Smaller doses, 0.0002 of a milligram per gram, will cause tetanus in the cold but not at high temperatures. It may be stated in general that in frogs kept at low temperatures the tetanic state sets in later, continues longer, and each tetanic attack is of longer duration, while in the interval between the attacks the state of tonus is higher and the animals are more irritable than when they are kept at higher temperatures.
Under the experimental conditions outlined, sodium tartrate subcutaneously introduced into rabbits fails to reappear in the urine. It is concluded that the disintegrative influence of the salt upon the convoluted tubules is sufficient to account for the failure of the salt to be eliminated. No evidence of a vicarious function on the part of the glomerulus was observed.
Salts of tartaric acid administered subcutaneously to fasting phlorhizinized animals exert a markedly detrimental influence upon the secretory efficiency of the kidney, which is indicated by a greatly lessened output of certain typical urinary constituents. A histological study of the nephritic kidney demonstrates that the salts act specifically upon the epithelium of the convoluted tubules, and to a less extent upon the tubules of the loops of Henle, the glomerules, and interstitial tissue remaining unharmed. In the disintegrative process taking place, vacuolation first occurs, is rapidly followed by necrosis, and finally the dead cells or their debris may entirely fill the lumina of the tubules and form granular and hyaline casts. There is no strict relation between the dose of tartrate and the extent of damage inflicted. While large doses invariably induce a well marked response small doses may at times produce effects equally significant. Tartrates introduced into fasting animals call forth symptoms practically identical with those observed in fasting phlorhinized animals. It is therefore apparent that in the establishment of the pathological condition under discussion phlorhizin is without significant influence. Neither the liver nor the adrenal exhibits any detrimental effect from the injection of tartrates. The introduction of tartrates by way of the mouth to fasting rabbits is not nearly so effective in the production of nephritic symptoms as the administration of much smaller doses subcutaneously. In general, under the former circumstances the initial stages only of epithelial disintegration of the convoluted tubules obtain, which, however, are scarcely sufficient to account for the rapidity with which death usually ensues. Although in well fed animals distinct pathological changes in the kidney are induced by the introduction of tartrates per os, these abnormalities are less in degree, but similar in kind, than those provoked under like conditions in the fasting animal. When tartrates are given subcutaneously to well fed rabbits the effects evoked are somewhat less pronounced than when the salts are injected into fasting animals. From these facts it is evident that the state of nutrition plays a part in the development of tartrate nephritis. It is indicated that the introduction of a sufficiency of alkali to animals in a state of fasting permits a greater elimination of urinary constituents during tartrate nephritis than obtains under similar circumstances when the alkali is omitted. Histologically there is evidence that the administration of alkali exerts a slight modifying action.
After the intravenous introduction of a solution containing sodium chloride and urea into the rabbit during pronounced tartrate nephritis, all the chloride reappears in the urine within forty-eight hours. On the other hand, the nitrogen of the urine remains far below that usually eliminated by the normal animal under the experimental conditions; in other words, little or none of the urea injected is excreted by the kidney. In the light of the histological findings these results are interpreted to mean that under normal conditions chlorides and water are passed through the glomerular mechanism, whereas urea becomes a urinary constituent by way of the convoluted tubules. These results constitute a direct confirmation of the older observations of others concerning the elimination by the kidney of the substances under discussion. No evidence was obtained that the glomerulus may take over the function of the tubular epithelium.
1. The blood flow in the feet is smaller per unit of volume of the part than in the hand, the ratio of foot flow to hand flow per 100 cubic centimeters of the part usually lying in normal persons between 1 to 3 and 1 to 2. 2. In the supine position, with the legs hanging down, the flow in the feet seems to be somewhat greater than in the sitting position.
1. In the cases of fever investigated the flow in the feet never exceeded the normal flow and was usually much below the normal 2. In explanation of the relatively small foot flow in the fever cases it is suggested that the vasoconstrictor mechanism of the peripheral parts, especially of the skin, is abnormally excited, and some direct evidence that this is the case is brought forward. 3. The significance of this hypersensitiveness, or at least increased action, of the cutaneous vasoconstrictor mechanism is assumed to be that the peripheral vasoconstriction is a compensatory arrangement which secures for the organs mainly suffering from the infective process an increased flow of blood. 4. On this hypothesis the rise of temperature is, chiefly at least, secondary, inevitably following the vasoconstriction, provided that the metabolism is, upon the whole, not diminished. 5. Accordingly the rational treatment of hyperpyrexia, or of pyrexia if it is considered necessary to treat it, is to abstract heat by a process which will not diminish and may even increase the cutaneous vasoconstriction. This condition is exactly fulfilled by the cold bath, at least as regards its initial effect. Other so called tonic effects of the cold bath are not considered here. Antipyretic drugs which act by dilating the cutaneous vessels would seem to be inferior in this regard. They diminish the temperature, it is true, but at the cost of defeating the beneficial redistribution of the blood which it is the function of the peripheral vasoconstriction to insure. 6. It is obvious that for the elimination of a given quantity of heat from the skin by radiation and conduction in fever, a smaller cutaneous blood flow will suffice than with normal body temperature, since the elimination of heat per gram of blood passing through the surface must be greater in fever owing to the greater difference of temperature between the surface of the body and its surroundings. I am much indebted to the staff of the City Hospital for their coöperation which has rendered this investigation possible.
1. Embryonic chick and rat tissues preserved at temperatures ranging from -7 degrees to +20 degrees C. live longest at about +6 degrees C. The duration of life under the most favorable conditions is less than twenty days. 2. The kind of isotonic medium used,-plasma serum, Ringer solution, or normal salt solution,-does not appreciably influence the period of survival. The quantity of medium in proportion to tissue is similarly without marked effect.
It has been shown for the first time that nerve fibers grow out from pieces of cerebellum of young cats and guinea pigs, when cultivated in coagulated plasma. The same phenomenon has been observed in cultures of spinal ganglia. The nerve fibers do not anastomose and they extend into the plasma unaccompanied by structures of any kind.
Ultraviolet light rapidly kills the cells of a transplantable sarcoma of the fowl without notably injuring the etiological agent associated therewith. The Roentgen ray has little effect on either cells or agent. Fowls manifest two sorts of resistance to the avian tumor, one directed against the implanted tumor cells as such, the other against the action of the etiological agent to cause a neoplastic change. In the individual fowl the two resistances appear to be independent of one another, though they may exist together or may both be absent. A recognition of them will perhaps explain some features in the biology of other tumors.
1. The serum of rabbits treated intravenously with neosalvarsan, and of syphilitic patients treated intravenously with salvarsan or neosalvarsan, has a definite spirochaeticidal action upon Spirochoeta duttoni. 2. Although this spirochaeticidal action is exerted in vitro, it can be demonstrated only after the treated spirochaetae are injected into susceptible animals. 3. A curative action of the serum of neosalvarsan-treated rabbits is exercised on mice infected with Spirochoeta duttoni. 4. The spirochaeticidal action of the serum of salvarsan-treated rabbits and patients is markedly increased by heating at 56 degrees C. for thirty minutes. 5. The increased spirochaeticidal action produced by heating is due in part to the destruction of some inhibitory substance contained in normal serum and in part to a direct effect of the heat upon the serum and salvarsan mixture. 6. Cerebrospinal fluid does not contain the inhibitory substance present in normal unheated serum.
Electrocardiographic examination of rabbits during the anaphylactic reaction revealed marked and various changes of the heart's activity in twenty-two out of twenty-four animals. Changes occurred in fatal as well as in non-fatal cases, after the vagi were cut as well as when they were intact. Cardiac disturbances are thus a practically constant result of serum anaphylaxis in the rabbit. It therefore is possible that anaphylaxis plays a role in the causation of certain cardiac derangements in man.
After splenectomy anemia usually develops quickly and reaches its height in from three to six weeks; then with gradual improvement the blood picture approaches the normal after about three to four months, with complete return to normal in five to ten months. Accompanying this is marked leucocytosis reaching its height in twenty-four hours but persisting to a slight degree for several months. Variations, however, may occur, in that the anemia may develop slowly and be of slight degree, or the reparative process may be delayed and up to ten months incomplete. The anemia is, however, inevitable, as is also, later, some degree of repair.
The increased resistance of the red blood corpuscles characteristic of the splenectomized animal is as evident one year after removal of the spleen as it is at earlier periods. So also is the decreased tendency to jaundice after the administration of hemolytic serum. The increase in resistance of the red cells cannot be explained on the basis of an increase in reticulated cells in the circulating blood.
The most striking point brought out in this study is that as long as a definite pressure is maintained in either the pulmonary or bronchial circulations, the admixture of bloods is extremely limited. It is easily conceivable that more mixture occurs normally than under the conditions of the experiment, but there is no reason for considering this to be a large difference. If, however, in either system the pressure sinks to zero the possibility of supply by the other system becomes evident. It takes much longer for the mass injected through the bronchial arteries to penetrate to all parts of the lung than when the mass is injected through the pulmonary artery; but when accomplished, the injection reaches to all capillaries including those of the pleura, the only vessels remaining uninjected being the larger trunks of the pulmonary artery. On the other hand, the injection of the bronchial vessels by way of the pulmonary arteries is not complete with normal pressure, but occurs rapidly when a high pulmonary pressure is employed. It is therefore probable that either circulation can suffice for the simple nutritive demands of the lung if the other system is interfered with. It has been shown that embolism of the pulmonary artery, without other circulatory disturbance, does not lead to necrosis of the affected area of the lung, but it is probable that the preservation of circulation is not due to collateral bronchial circulation so much as to the free anastomosis and early division into capillaries of the pulmonary artery. In support of this statement is the fact that the appearance is not altered when the bronchials are ligated at their origin. The same ligation shows no subsequent interference with the nutrition of the bronchi up to a period of five weeks, demonstrating that the pulmonary circulation is sufficient to provide for the nutrition of the bronchi. If, however, as Virchow has shown, the pulmonary artery supplying an entire lobe be occluded, the bronchial circulation can and does suffice for the nutrition of the lobe. In the case of the occlusion of a branch of the pulmonary artery the pressure in the area interfered with does not sink to zero because of the collateral circulation in this area; whereas, if the main trunk is occluded no collateral supply is available, the pressure sinks to zero, and the bronchial artery becomes available as a source of blood supply. It must be remembered that the lung tissue, as a whole, has ready access to oxygen and this gas is the nutritive element acquired by the blood in the lungs. From these studies it would appear that the part of the lung tissue not in intimate contact with oxygen in the air is supplied by oxygenated blood of the bronchial arteries, and that the tissues through which the pulmonary blood circulates take up whatever organized nutriment they need from the pulmonary blood and possibly provide for their oxygen and carbon dioxide interchange (which must be very slight) either directly with the alveolar air, or by finding sufficient oxygen in the venous blood of the pulmonary artery. The studies of the injected specimens confirm Küttner's findings of a very rapid breaking up of the pulmonary artery into capillaries. In all the specimens studied it was found that although the pleural vessels can be injected by way of the bronchial arteries when there is zero pressure in the pulmonary arteries, yet when the two sets of vessels are injected simultaneously in the dog, the pleural vessels invariably derive their supply of injection mass from the pulmonary artery.
From series 1 it is concluded that increases in pulmonary pressure improve the circulation in the embolic areas and that decreases in pulmonary pressure limit the circulation in the same areas. In this series the bronchial vessels showed no tendency to take up the circulation in the area of pulmonary embolism until the pulmonary pressure was as low as zero, and then only to a limited degree. It has been shown, however, that in the circulation of an entire lobe the fall to zero pressure in the pulmonary circuit is followed by almost complete taking over of the circulation by the bronchial arterial supply and the most reasonable explanation of why this does not occur when embolism is present in a smaller branch of the pulmonary is the inference that the physiological anastomosis between the two systems takes place in part before the pulmonary artery breaks up into branches small enough to be occluded by seeds of about three millimeters in diameter. From series 2 it is concluded that although increases in pressure in the bronchial arteries cause somewhat greater inflow of bronchial injection mass into the embolic area, extremely high pressures are not sufficient to provide for complete circulation in the same district. This fact would tend to support further the belief that the anastomosis between the two vascular systems occurs before the smaller divisions of the pulmonary artery are reached. From series 3 it is concluded that with a zero pressure in the pulmonary artery there is improved injection of the embolic area through the bronchial artery which is to be expected when it is remembered that zero pressure in the pulmonary artery favors a taking over of the circulation by the bronchial system. What pressure is found in the smaller pulmonary vessels is supplied by the bronchials. It has been shown that the anastomosis between the two systems probably occurs before the branches are reached which would provide lodgment for the turnip radish seeds. The pressure supplied by the bronchials would naturally be less beyond this point and hence the injection would be less complete in the embolic area than in the normal lung. This is shown to be the case by the results of the experiment. From series 4 it is concluded that the absence of pressure in the bronchial circulation favors a better injection of the embolic area through the pulmonary vessels, which is to be expected when it is recalled that not until zero pressure is reached in the bronchial circuit does the pulmonary artery supply the bronchial vessels with blood. Throughout the study it was found that whenever the two vascular systems were injected simultaneously the pleural vessels over the embolic area, as well as those over the normal lung, received their supply from the pulmonary vessels. When only one system was used for injection the pleural vessels over the embolic area showed about the same degree of injection as those of the embolic area itself.
The purines of tumors are generally the same as those of the normal tissue, chiefly guanine and adenine, little more than traces of xanthine, and relatively small amounts of hypoxanthine being found. No uric acid was found in the tumors of this series. In one tumor, an embryonal adenosarcoma in a pig's kidney, a large amount of hypoxanthine, and no adenine was found, while the yield of xanthine was also unusually high. This result cannot be explained at present on experimental grounds, but evidently a nucleic acid complex containing no adenine was encountered. Possibly hypoxanthine was present in inosinic acid. The purine enzymes are generally the same in tumors as in the normal tissue from which the tumors are derived. This fact sometimes makes it possible to learn by chemical study from what tissue a given kind of tumor is derived, when the microscopic evidence is inconclusive. Although the liver of the sheep contains the enzyme xanthine oxidase, it may be absent from primary tumors in the sheep liver, as it has also been shown to be from secondary tumors in the human liver. As xanthine oxidase is one of the last of the purine enzymes to develop in the embryonal organism, its absence in a malignant tumor containing otherwise the same purine enzymes as the tissue from which it is derived, is evidence of the embryonal character of the tumor tissue.
1. The smallest amount of the sodium soaps necessary for the complete hemolysis of 0.5 of a cubic centimeter of a 5 per cent. suspension of the red blood corpuscles of the sheep, ox, rabbit, dog, or of man, is about the same,-0.03 of a milligram in the case of the following acids: oleic, linoleic, dibromostearic, chloriodostearic, and two isomeric monobromostearic acids; in the case of erucic acid about twice as much of the soap was found to be necessary; in that of palmitic or of dihydroxystearic acid more than ten times as much. 2. The minimum hemolytic quantity of the sodium soaps of the highly unsaturated acids obtained from cod liver oil and from linseed oil is only very slightly less than that of sodium oleate. 3. It follows, therefore, from these results that hemolysis by unsaturated fatty acids is not more active in proportion to the degree to which these acids are unsaturated, nor is it diminished when the unsaturated carbon atoms are saturated by halogens. It is, on the other hand, greatly diminished when they are converted into the corresponding hydroxyl acids, which are hemolytic only to the same degree as the saturated acids. 4. The idea that toxic hemolysis, in disease, in poisoning by phosphorus or toluylene diamine, results from the liberation of specially hemolytic fatty acids from the fatty complexes of disintegrating cells is not well supported by evidence; none of the fatty acids, still less any of the fatty complexes from which these acids can be obtained in any of the organs examined, either in this work or in the work of others that has preceded it, show on analysis any evidence for the existence of fatty acids more toxic than the common oleic acid which is constantly being set free by hydrolysis from common fat in health.
THE ESSENTIAL POINTS OF OUR RESULTS ARE AS FOLLOWS: The saprophytic Bacillus megatherium produced a definite pulmonary lesion which in gross appearance resembled the lesion of lobar pneumonia. The lesion was one of intense leucocytic exudation which, as in some other cases of experimental lobar pneumonia, did not invade the framework of the lung. But the exudate contained no fibrin. There were practically no bacilli, either in the heart's blood or in the lung. The growth of two colonies from one of the cases hardly changes the rule. The lesion did not progress after twenty-four hours; nor did it show a definite increase in extent or intensity with the increase in quantity of the injected cultures. The resolution of the exudate began practically at the end of twenty-four hours and was far advanced on the third day. Although there was considerable leucocytic infiltration there was no phagocytosis apparent twenty-four hours after inoculation. Taking all the facts into consideration one gains the impression that the lesion produced by the saprophytic Bacillus megatherium differs only quantitatively from that produced by an avirulent pneumococcus. The fact stands out prominently that a saprophytic bacterium is capable of producing a pneumonic lesion similar in gross appearance to that of mild lobar pneumonia. It is not improbable that other saprophytes may be capable of producing pneumonic lesions which, in specific instances, may resemble lobular pneumonia.
Comparing the pneumonic lesions produced by this very virulent streptococcus with those caused by a mildly virulent strain of the same organism, we find that with one exception the differences between them are only of a quantitative nature and not striking. There are the same intense leucocytic exudation into the alveoli and the leucocytic infiltration of the framework of the lungs. Macroscopically the pneumonia produced by the virulent organism was, as a rule, lobular in character. Occasionally, however, especially when large doses of the culture had been given, the gross appearance of the lesion gave the impression of a lobar pneumonia. But even in these cases the cut surface showed that the solid areas were separated by softer and lighter areas of aerated, congested, or edematous lung substance. Pleurisy was practically absent from the lungs in this series of experiments; only one case showed a narrow strip of fibrinous exudate on the pleura. Although in some instances large doses of the cultures were given and some dogs were permitted to live six or seven days, there was no mortality among the dogs in these experiments, just as there had been none among the animals experimented upon with the streptococcus of very low virulence. The course of the pneumonia caused by the virulent organism seemed to be somewhat longer than that produced by the less virulent one; areas of resolving pneumonia were found to persist on the sixth and seventh days after the injection, and in one such instance the solid focus contained viable organisms. There was some difference in the amount of fibrin present in the exudate caused by the two strains of streptococci. Although even in these experiments the amount of fibrin present was less than that found in the lesion produced by the virulent pneumococcus, it was perceptibly larger than the very small amount found in the lesions caused by the less virulent strain of streptococcus. It should be mentioned that there was no difference in the degree of phagocytosis observed in these two series of experiments. It was not marked in either case. One point of difference in the two series was noted: during the first forty-eight hours after insufflation of the virulent strain of streptococcus the blood of the animals obtained from the jugular vein during life and from the heart after death contained living organisms, while in the experiments with the slightly virulent streptococcus no living cocci were recovered from the blood. The virulence of the strain of streptococcus employed in the present investigation was, as has been pointed out, similar to that of the pneumococcus employed in the investigation of Lamar and Meltzer and in many of our own experiments, as far as mice were concerned, since both killed mice weighing fifteen grams in doses of 0.000,001 of a cubic centimeter in twenty-four to thirty-six hours. The findings in the lesions caused by these two organisms are comparable and therefore some deductions may be drawn regarding the similarity or dissimilarity of their actions. One of the first things we wish to bring out is the correction of our former statement regarding the presence of the cocci in the blood. As our new investigation shows, there is evidently no difference in this respect between the streptococcus and the pneumococcus. When both organisms are highly virulent they can be found in the circulating blood of the living dog or in the heart's blood of the dead dog during the first twenty-four or forty-eight hours after an intrabronchial insufflation. On the other hand, the present investigation rather confirms in a general way our first contention that the pneumonic lesions produced by the two different organisms differ distinctly in many ways. There is the difference in the mortality; even with fairly large quantities of the culture of the virulent streptococcus the mortality was nil in this series, although some of the dogs were kept alive for six and seven days. The mortality of the pneumococcus infection depends upon the quantity insufflated and may amount, as Lamar and Meltzer pointed out, to 16 per cent. The gross appearance of the lesion produced by the pneumococcus is, as frequently stated, that of a lobar pneumonia, frequently accompanied by a fibrinous exudate on the pleura. The gross appearance of the lesion produced even by a virulent streptococcus is, as a rule, that of a lobular pneumonia and is practically never accompanied by pleurisy. In the few instances in which large quantities of the streptococcus were given and the outward appearance of the lungs approached that of a lobar pneumonia, it was found that on section of the consolidated lung the solid foci proved to be separated by lighter areas of aerated, congested lung. In the lesions produced by the virulent streptococci the walls of the finer bronchi and the framework of the lung were markedly infiltrated with leucocytes, while in the lobar pneumonia produced by the pneumococcus the framework remained free from such infiltration. Finally there is the unmistakable difference in the amount of fibrin present in the alveolar exudate. While in the exudate of the lesion produced by the virulent streptococcus the amount was perceptibly larger than the insignificant amount present in the lesion caused by a slightly virulent strain, it is not to be compared with the large amount of fibrin which exists in the exudate of pneumococcus pneumonia. The several investigations which we have carried out seem to show conclusively that in general the streptococcus causes a lobular pneumonia which, besides the leucocytic intra-alveolar exudation, is characterized by a leucocytic infiltration of the lung framework, and that the pneumococcus causes a lobar pneumonia, which is practically free from leucocytic infiltration of the interstitial tissue of the lung. Furthermore, a virulent pneumococcus causes a lesion in which fibrin is a prominent element in the exudate and that element distinguishes the exudate sharply from the exudate of the lesion caused by a virulent streptococcus in which fibrin is present only in moderate amount. It distinguishes it in a still more striking manner from the exudates of the lesions caused by non-virulent pneumococci or streptococci, in which fibrin is present only in very small amounts. It seems that the formation of fibrin is connected in some specific way with the pneumococcus on the one hand, and with the virulence of the organism on the other. For even with the relatively small amounts of fibrin present in the exudates of lesions caused by the streptococcus there is a perceptible difference in the quantity according to the virulence of the organism. Whether fibrin is a means which enhances virulence, or whether it is a reaction product against it, our experiments so far do not entitle us to discuss.
Anaphylactic shock in the dog, caused by the intravenous injection of horse serum into sensitized animals, may produce definite cardiac disturbances which are revealed by the electrocardiogram. These cardiac changes consist of disturbances in conduction of the heart impulses, abnormalities in the ventricular contractions, and other unusual disturbances of the mechanism of the heart-beat. They come on very quickly after the injection of serum and may be of short duration, and are not obtained during anti-anaphylaxis. They are not the result of the marked fall in blood pressure which occurs, nor does the central cardiac inhibitory mechanism play a part in their production. These cardiac disturbances apparently are a definite primary expression of anaphylactic shock in the dog. The right ventricle seems to be more affected than the left.
1. An organism was isolated and studied in pure cultures from cases of conjunctivitis accompanied by the so called trachoma body inclusions, as well as from a case of old trachoma without inclusions. 2. This organism was not found in the cultures made from other forms of conjunctivitis in which the inclusions were absent. 3. The organism presents the morphological features characteristic of so called trachoma bodies. It undergoes an early transformation, during which the forms known as initial bodies appear, and a later change, during which forms resembling elementary granules arise, while certain intermediate forms between these occur simultaneously. 4. No definite cell inclusions could be produced in monkeys by inoculating pure cultures of the organism. 5. The cultivation of this organism from a case of trachoma without the cell inclusions, together with the previously ascertained fact that the inclusions can be produced in suitable animals by inoculating such material directly from a human case, suggests the possibility of the organism being still present in such cases of trachoma, although not in the form of cell inclusions. 6. The facts presented justify the statement that by a suitable method an organism resembling the various important stages of the trachoma bodies and totally distinct from the gonococcus has been obtained in a living condition, capable of indefinite cultivation from cases of human trachoma and inclusion conjunctivitis. Whether the organism and trachoma bodies are identical cannot be positively stated at present. But the way is now opened to determine this point, as well as the specificity of the trachoma bodies.
1. Pneumococci, when freshly isolated from the body, are able to live and multiply when a small number of them are inoculated into a small amount of broth. If, however, the inoculations are made in large amounts of broth, many more bacteria must be inoculated in order that they may grow. 2. It requires much smaller numbers of pneumococci to start a growth on agar than are required to start a growth in broth. 3. This predilection for solid medium disappears when the bacteria are grown for some time outside the body. 4. This phenomenon is not dependent on differences in chemical composition between the two media employed or on the presence of more available oxygen in one case than in the other. 5. It is probably dependent entirely on physical differences in the two kinds of media, and bears some relation to the differences in possibilities for diffusion in the two media.
Bürgers, Schermann, and Schreiber (1) studied "Auflösungserscheinungen von Bakterien," and concluded that ferments were probably not the main factor in such lysis. Kantorowicz (2) in studying antiferment and bacteriolysis came to the opinion that there was an antiferment in the bodies of bacteria which prevented digestion. This antiferment was likewise an antibody to serum bacteriolysins. But Kantorowicz used as a standard of ferment action merely the clearing up of the bacterial suspension. Our report shows that lysis of pneumococci may be independent of ferment action, and that it is not correct to assume that clearing up of a bacterial suspension even in the presence of a proteolytic ferment indicates proteolysis.
1. Tubercle bacilli injected into the peritoneal cavities of tuberculous guinea pigs, rats, rabbits, dogs, and monkeys, rapidly disappear from the peritoneal fluids, while persisting in the peritoneal fluids of normal control animals. 2. This disappearance is in part due to an adhesion of the injected bacilli to the peritoneal leucocytes and a fixation of the leucocytes on the omentum. 3. The injected tubercle bacilli can be recovered quantitatively from the peritoneal cavities of normal guinea pigs from one and one half to two hours after the injection, while from tuberculous guinea pigs only 65 per cent. of the bacilli can be recovered at this time. 4. Isolated peritoneal tissues from tuberculous guinea pigs have the power of destroying tubercle bacilli in vitro. 5. A second factor reducing the number of tubercle bacilli free in the peritoneal fluid is therefore an actual lysis of the bacilli. 6. The intraperitoneal lysis is not due solely to substances present in the circulating fluids, since the phenomenon cannot be produced by these fluids in vitro, and since a lytic power cannot be passively conferred even by a direct transfusion of blood from tuberculous to normal animals. 7. The intraperitoneal lysis is apparently due to specific changes in the fixed peritoneal cells of the tuberculous animals.
It has been our aim to determine in what particular the blood is altered during tetany so that it can produce hyperexcitability of the motor nerves. As a working hypothesis it has been assumed that (1) there may be a lack of calcium in the blood and tissues; (2) there may be a circulating poison which like an oxalate could render inactive the circulating calcium; and (3) there may be a substance in circulation vaguely resembling strychnia in its action upon the nervous system and directly causing the hyperexcitability. It is impossible to decide with our present knowledge which, if any, of these explanations is the true one, but certain experimental results are brought forward. If tetany blood be used to perfuse a normal leg the excitability of the nerves rises to a characteristically high level and the addition of parathyroid extract to the blood has little or no effect in lowering this excitability. Parathyroid extract whether from the ox or the dog fails when injected into the circulation of an animal in tetany to reduce the excitability of the nerves markedly or permanently, although it seems to affect the more sensitive ganglion cells thus cutting off excessive impulses to the periphery. Although the nerves remain hyperexcitable, tetany is usually much diminished or abolished entirely. This seems to be analogous to the action of ether or any other anesthetic which may inhibit the activities of the ganglion cells, although it leaves the nerves excitable and able to conduct impulses. An animal in tetany relaxes instantly on being given ether although the excitability of the nerves to electric currents is little changed. Bleeding followed by the replacement of the blood with an indifferent solution free from calcium stops tetany and lowers the excitability of the nerves. Probably this cannot be ascribed to the removal of a circulating poison, but rather to a general disturbance of the nutrition of the nervous system. Oxalate-like substances introduced into the circulation rapidly, and for a short time only, may kill the animal, but they seem to produce no change in the excitability of the nerves. If the solution is injected very slowly and over a long period the protective action of the body seems to be overcome and the excitability of the nerves rises to high levels. This seems to resemble somewhat the latent period after the destruction of the parathyroid before tetany begins. Direct analysis of the blood shows that as compared with the normal, the blood of an animal in tetany is very poor in calcium. Administration of parathyroid extract does not increase this calcium content. On the contrary, if the extirpation of the parathyroids has been incomplete so that tetany does not appear, the calcium content of the blood is that of the normal animal. Even yet, therefore, in spite of our efforts to shake it, the theory that tetany is closely dependent upon a disturbance of the calcium content of the blood is supported by stronger evidence than any other idea, but much remains to be done before a clear conception of the process is reached.
A spontaneous chicken sarcoma, peculiarly fissured by blood sinuses, and with a tendency to intracanalicular extension into them, has been transplanted and studied in eight successive groups of fowls. Histologically the growth is a characteristic neoplasm, while in its transfer to new hosts a real transplantation is obviously involved. The development of the first few series of transplantation tumors was very slow. They exhibited the histological structure of the original growth and had the same tendency to metastasize to the skeletal muscles. Recently the tumor has grown more rapidly and in a higher percentage of hosts. With this has come a simplification of structure to that of a pure, spindle-celled sarcoma. Fowls of an alien variety (Plymouth Rock) form quite as good hosts for the tumor as those of the sort (brown Leghorn) in which it was originally found. It has not grown in pigeons, rats, or mice. The question of the cause of the tumor is not taken up in the present paper. It has been found to be due to an agent which will pass through Berkefeld filters. The growth is quite distinct in its characters from the other two transplantable neoplasms of the fowl (a spindle-celled sarcoma, an osteochondrosarcoma) which have such a cause. No growth like it has been observed among the forty-three spontaneous tumors of the fowl that have come under our observation.
In the splenectornized dog the anemia caused by hemolytic poisons (hemolytic immune serum and sodium oleate) and by bleeding is of a severer grade, runs a longer course, and is accompanied by a less rapid regeneration of the blood than is the case in the normal dog. Also in the splenectomized dog, especially after the use of hemolytic serum, the leucocytosis is greater than in the normal animal. The splenectomized dog almost uniformly exhibits an increased resistance of the red cells to hypotonic salt solution, but after the administration of hemolytic poisons, and especially hemolytic serum, this increased resistance disappears and a decreased resistance persists for long periods of time. The same change occurs in the normal dog, but in the latter the return to the previous degree of resistance is more rapid than in the splenectomized animal.
The repeated injection of small doses of horse serum and egg-white in dogs, cats, rabbits, and guinea pigs that have been sensitized to these proteins, causes injury to the cells of various organs and tissues with resulting inflammatory reactions. The changes are especially marked after intraperitoneal injections in the peritoneum and after intravenous injections in the livers of rabbits and cats, and in the myocardium and kidneys of all groups of animals. In dogs and rabbits, especially, there develops a well marked nephritis characterized by degeneration and necrosis of the epithelium of the loops of Henle, of the collecting tubules, and less frequently of the convoluted tubules. This is accompanied by an extensive small round cell infiltration of the interstitial tissue and later the formation of connective tissue. Together with these changes there are acute and chronic alterations in the glomeruli of all groups of animals. Egg-white in large doses is itself injurious to the kidney of animals, but this slight primary toxicity is probably greatly enhanced through previous sensitization of the animal.
The tumultuous auricular activity which follows faradization of the auricles of mammals and which has been variously described, could be distinctly seen to consist almost constantly in our experiments on dogs of true fibrillatory movements of the separate muscle fibers coëxisting with a rapid auricular tachycardia. During peripheral stimulation of the right vagus nerve the true fibrillation alone existed, the tachycardia being inhibited. A comparison of the electrocardiograms from dogs with this abnormal auricular activity with those from patients with the type of cardiac arhythmia which has been attributed to auricular fibrillation, and from patients with so called auricular flutter, indicates that the auricular activity in patients with either of these conditions differs somewhat from that usually seen in the faradized auricles of the dog in our experiments. The auricular activity of the cases of cardiac arhythmia is apparently true fibrillation, similar to that seen in the faradized auricles of the dog during right vagus stimulation. The electrocardiograms from cases of so called auricular flutter usually give no evidence of auricular fibrillation, and the auricular activity seems to consist of tachycardia alone. Fibrillation may apparently coëxist with the tachycardia in some cases, when the auricular activity seems to resemble closely that usually seen in the dog after auricular faradization. During peripheral stimulation of the left vagus nerve, the electrocardiograms obtained after auricular faradization show changes which render them more nearly similar to those obtained from patients with auricular flutter. The facts that the auricular activity of the faradized auricles of the dog may apparently pass spontaneously into that closely resembling auricular flutter in man, that it may be changed into true fibrillation by right vagus stimulation, and that the abnormal auricular activity in man passes from a state of flutter to that of fibrillation in a similar manner, may be taken as evidence for the belief that auricular fibrillation and auricular flutter in man are closely allied cardiac disorders.
The effect of injecting morphin in right vagus dogs is to slow or practically to stop auricular systoles, the circulation being maintained by ectopic, independent, ventricular contractions. The function of conduction is, relatively speaking, undisturbed. The fact that after morphin injections there is little or no disturbance of conduction in right vagus dogs and a profound one in left vagus dogs may be used as a factor in distinguishing between them, especially when there is a reduction in rate greater than usual in left vagus dogs. The effect on left vagus dogs is to slow the rate of the auricles moderately and to increase the length of conduction, so that partial auriculoventricular block or complete auriculoventricular dissociation results. These are precisely the results that have been obtained by faradic stimulation of one vagus nerve, the other being divided. There are slight differences in the results obtained between the two methods, but the explanation for these is probably to be found in the differences in the nature of the experiments. When faradic stimulation is employed, the stimulus is applied a short time only,-in our experiments for periods not longer than ten seconds. The occurrence of the maximum effect is sudden and does not provide for a gradual introduction of the ventricles to new conditions. In right vagus stimulation the ventricles usually stop beating. A gradual introduction is, however, not always necessary, as may be seen in figures 5 and 6 of the paper (4) already quoted, where idioventricular rhythms began without delay. Another difference between the two methods is found in the degree of effect produced on stimulating the left vagus; in the faradic method the change in conduction varies from mere lengthening to a condition so profound that complete dissociation results; these degrees have been described. The morphin method usually produces only incomplete dissociations. Twice only was complete dissociation produced. The similarity between the results of the two methods is sufficiently close to render it likely that in obtaining them an identical mechanism in the heart is involved. It may, therefore, be concluded that the inconstant action of the vagus resulting from morphin injections, called "ungleichartig" by Einthoven and Wieringa, appears so on account of the fact that the predominating effect of morphin may be exercised now on one and now on the opposite cardio-inhibitory system, and not, as was suggested, on account of a shifting of predominance from one to another of the fiber tracts in the vagi themselves. The explanation offered as the results of this series of experiments differs from theirs. The results obtained substantiate the conclusion reached in the former series, that the two vagi act differently. A fact relating to the mechanism of the right vagus nerve can now be added, from a consideration of the cardiac mechanism in right vagus dogs, namely, that derangements in conduction result, to a very slight extent only, as the effect of the influence of the right vagus nerve Although no solution of the production of the extreme grades of sinus irregularity seen in morphin intoxication is offered, the failure of this rhythm to be converted into a more profound irregularity may be explained. There seems little doubt that the occasion for the occurrence of an independent ventricular rhythm in these experiments was due to the slowness of the auricular rate resulting from morphin injection. But in the cases of sinus irregularity (Nos. 683, 685, and 700), the rate of the auricles was never sufficiently low for the ventricles to initiate an independent rhythm. The lowest rates recorded in them were 66.3 (No. 683), 85.7 (No. 685), and 91.4 (No. 700), and it appears that before an independent ventricular rhythm occurred in any of the experiments, the auricular rate had always fallen below 41 (Nos. 686, 688, 697, 698, 706, 715, and 721). On the other hand, the ventricular rates in the cases of sinus irregularity were higher than the highest idioventricular rates observed and no advantage could consequently have been gained by the onset of a new rhythm. No. 683 was an exception, but the rate in this case exceeded the idioventricular rates of all but Nos. 702 and 706 and was only 11.1 beats below that of the highest recorded. Whether sinus irregularity itself is a morphin irregularity the result of a sino-auricular block, in the sense of Eyster and Meek, has already been discussed.
Specimens of human blood taken during the paralytic stage of poliomyelitis and post mortem have proved not to be capable of infecting Macacus monkeys. Specimens of monkey blood taken at various stages of experimental poliomyelitis have not proved as a rule to be capable of infecting monkeys. In a single instance, among ten tests, infection was secured with a specimen of blood removed at the beginning of the paralysis on the seventh day following an intracerebral inoculation. When suspensions of the spinal cord from a paralyzed monkey have been injected into the brain or simultaneously into the brain and spinal canal, the blood removed from one to forty-eight hours later failed to cause paralysis after intracerebral injection. When large volumes of active filtrate are injected into the circulation the blood remains infective for seventy-two hours at least, but may be no longer infective after ten days when the paralytic symptoms first appear. When, however, the filtrate is injected in smaller amount or when a filtrate of a less active virus is employed in large quantity, the blood either fails to convey infection or conveys it irregularly. It is only when overwhelming quantities of an active virus are injected into the blood that paralysis results. The injection of moderate doses is not followed by paralysis, although the virus may still be detected in a blood sample twenty-four hours after the injection. The existence of a mechanism capable of excluding the virus within the blood from the central nervous organs is therefore inferred. Infection is accomplished far less readily through the circulation than by means of the more direct lymphatic and nervous channels of communication with the central nervous system. Several series of feeding experiments conducted with the biting stable fly (Stomoxys calcitrans) resulted negatively.
1. Sodium soaps prepared from olive oil, croton oil, cod-liver oil, linseed oil, etc., have the property of inhibiting the action of trypsin and leucoprotease. 2. The activity of these soaps is dependent upon the degree of unsaturation of the fatty acids and is in proportion to their iodin value. 3. Saturation of the acids with a halogen (iodin) causes a loss of this property. 4. Soaps of the saturated fatty acids tested do not have this influence on ferments.
1. Tubercle bacilli contain unsaturated fatty acids which, when saponified, have the property of inhibiting the action of trypsin and leucoprotease. 2. In proportion to their iodin value these soaps are more active as inhibiting agents than the soaps prepared from linseed, olive, and cod-liver oils. 3. The activity of the soaps is dependent on the presence of unsaturated carbon bonds. 4. Saturation of the soaps with iodin destroys their inhibiting action. 5. Soaps probably play an important part in the production of the condition known as caseation in tuberculosis.
These studies, like all studies of the kidney, are difficult of interpretation because of the impossibility of producing a pure glomerular or pure tubular nephritis. Arsenic nephritis in its early stage is physiologically a vascular nephritis, but anatomically tubular, and shows in this stage almost no retention of nitrogen, although studies of urinary nitrogen indicate an increased catabolism. On the other hand, diphtheria nephritis in the early stages is anatomically a nephritis with marked involvement of the glomerulus anatomically, but it is physiologically a tubular form, and in this early stage there is little or no nitrogen retention although studies of metabolism indicate that protein catabolism is increased by the administration of diphtheria toxin. In both cases, however, there appears to come a time when the excreting power of the kidney is exhausted and nitrogen accumulation occurs in the blood. This is much less marked in the arsenic nephritis, with less tubular change, than in diphtheria toxin nephritis with its marked tubular degeneration. This same late accumulation of blood nitrogen is seen in immune serum nephritis, where the tubular changes are persistent and relatively more severe than the glomerular change. It might well be said that this is no argument for the influence of the tubules in the excretion of waste nitrogen because of the general exhaustion of the organism as a whole and of the kidney in particular, and that no positive conclusions can be drawn is indicated by the opening sentence of this summary. Tartrate nephritis was at first considered as purely tubular; but the appearance of occasional glomerular change, as mentioned by Wells in one of his animals, and the fact that the presence of precipitated albumen in the subcapsular space, pointed out by Pearce and Ringer, probably indicates an increased permeability of the tuft capillaries, all lead to the conclusion that although the tubular change predominates, there is, possibly, slight alteration of the glomerulus. This form of nephritis shows the most marked retention of nitrogen, persisting even though the glomeruli show almost no change, tending to clear up with the progress of time and evidently also with the repair of the tubular change, and bearing a direct relation to the dose of tartaric acid and presumably with the degree of tubular change. It must be remembered, however, that the nephritis in the cases of greatest retention is a very severe form, and this again clouds the physiological interpretation of the results. The study shows no reason for altering the conclusions of our earlier studies, but from the interpretation accorded above it appears to throw more stress on tubular change as determining nitrogen retention. It confirms in addition the value of the methods used for studies of this type.
It is possible by means of repeated injections of uranium nitrate to produce in the cat a subacute or chronic nephritis which can progress to a fatal termination and show in its course increasing accumulation of non-protein nitrogen in the blood. This nephritis differs only slightly from the spontaneous chronic nephritis of the species. Repeated doses of diphtheria toxin produce a subacute form of nephritis with only temporary or slight retention, but nevertheless anatomically a well defined nephritis. The spontaneous nephritis studied resembles more closely that produced by uranium nitrate than that produced by diphtheria toxin both histologically and from the standpoint of blood analysis.
1. The plasma of guinea pigs treated by injections of rat sarcoma exhibits a toxic action in tissue culture preparations on the cells of both rat sarcoma and rat embryo skin. Similarly, the plasma of guinea pigs immunized by injections of rat embryo skin is toxic for cells of both types. 2. Injection of rat blood immunizes against both sarcoma and embryo skin, although not so strongly as injections of the two tissues. 3. Guinea pigs receiving injections of either chick embryo heart or intestine develop cytotoxic substances for both of these tissues. 4. The preceding findings tend to show that cytotoxins formed after the injection of different body tissues into a foreign species are to no extent specific for the tissues injected.
In our study of the histogenesis of the miliary tubercle developing inside the liver lobule in animals that have been stained vitally while inoculated with bovine tuberculosis, the controls enable us to recognize the manner in which the vital stain affects the liver. There is therefore no possibility of confusing the effects due to the organism with the effects due to the dye. It is, however, of interest to note that the effects are closely related. The vital stain alone is able to produce gradually some of the same changes that occur with far greater rapidity in experimental tuberculosis. Although in a few hours the Kupffer cells of tuberculous animals begin to react to the disease, in the case of normal animals stained vitally they do not do this until after the third or fourth dose of successive daily injections. After many days, nevertheless, the vital stain alone produces enlargement, proliferation, and separation of Kupffer cells so that these are converted into large free phagocytes which may possess one or several nuclei. These are the gigantic macrophages of chronically stained animals. In all our experiments we have used only acutely stained animals, so that the effects of the dye itself are never sufficient to produce the changes. In fact there is no evidence that the dye accentuates the changes appreciably during the time involved in the experiment. The dye, however, shows us the type of the cells entering into the tuberculous granuloma, for when fed to the body fluids in abundance trypan blue finds its way into all cells capable of receiving it. The vital stain is, as it were, a physiological test for the cells. Whatever the fundamental nature of the vital stain produced by trypan blue and the benzidine dyes may be, it is important that this reaction does not occur to any appreciable extent with mononuclear blood cells, and that it does occur emphatically in the case of the hepatic endothelium. By means of this vital test, then, the following phenomena occur when suspensions of tubercle bacilli are let into the portal blood stream. The organisms, swept on by the blood stream, finally lodge in the terminal branches of the portal vein, where they plug the vessels and continue to multiply. They injure the vessel wall and cause around them an exudative inflammatory process, and finally lead to the formation of tubercles situated not only in these areas but also within the liver lobule. The injury to the vessel wall is manifested in the early stages by the presence of vitally stained areas in its structure. The bacteria at the end of half an hour are found to be extracellular in clumps in the larger vessels, but already to some extent in the bodies of vitally stained Kupffer cells throughout the liver. Exudative inflammation manifests itself by the presence of a transitory accumulation of polynuclear leucocytes about the bacterial clumps, which may be seen as early as half an hour after the inoculation. They continue to be present in the larger cell clumps of the periportal areas for many days, but they are rapidly replaced by other cells, mononuclear in type, so that within a day the histological appearance of the portal plug has changed radically. The mononuclear cell thus entering most actively into the reaction is endothelial and not hematogenous in origin, the vital stain enabling us to make a clear distinction. This fact, evident in the portal plugs, is decisively shown in the case of tubercles developing within the liver lobule. Such tubercles probably result from the localization of individual organisms within the Kupffer cells, for the initial stages of such a probable cycle have been found by us. They consist of the occurrence of mitoses in certain Kupffer cells where the Ziehl-Nielson method shows a bacillus or several bacilli to have been phagocytized (figure 4). Rapid growth of the infected cell now takes place, and at thirty-six hours the multinucleated giant cell produced is largely separated from the other endothelium of the vessel wall. Many bacilli exist within the protoplasm of these cells (figure 5), which are especially distinguishable by their intense reaction to the vital stain. They have received trypan blue to such an excess that low power views of liver sections at the thirty-six hour stage show these cells as deep blue spots (figure 8). The origin of the giant cell from the Kupffer cell is evident not only from the above sequence and from the elective stain, but also from the fact that even when fully formed, protoplasmic strands still join it to its mother tissue,-the normal endothelium of the vessel. The strands entangle other cells in their meshes, especially mononuclear blood cells, one of which, of the polyblastic type, has homogeneous protoplasm and is not infrequently encountered in mitosis. These cells are unquestionably of importance in the lesion of tuberculosis. We have seen them abundantly in the capillaries soon after the inoculation and they also occur singly or in nests between the Kupffer cells and liver columns. They are, as a rule, free from the vital dye. They continue to be concerned in the further growth of the tubercle and with the connective tissue cells make the structure of older tubercles relatively complex. On the other hand, little complexity occurs in the structure of the young intralobular masses. The miliary tubercle formed at the end of thirty-six hours is composed of a giant cell, surrounded by epithelioid cells and by blood cells of the above polyblastic type. The giant cell and its so called epithelioid cells are electively stained and are exclusively derived from the hepatic endothelium.
1. The action of indophenoloxydase is generally diminished in the tissues (liver, renal cortex, heart muscle) of rabbits that die of pneumococcus septicemia. The diminution is more frequent and marked in the liver and kidney than in the heart muscle. 2. The diminished activity of indophenoloxydase becomes more evident when the tissues undergo autolysis. At 37 degrees C. this ferment is much more easily destroyed in the tissues of the infected animals than in those from normal control animals (tables I, II, III, and IV). Exceptions are rare and they occur chiefly with the heart muscle. 3. Normal rabbit tissues, inoculated in vitro with pneumococcus culture, do not lose their indophenoloxydase much more quickly than do the normal controls, when they are kept either at room temperature or at 37 degrees C. (tables IV, V, VI, and VII). 4. It is therefore probable that the diminished activity of the indophenoloxydase of tissues from rabbits with pneumococcus septicemia is not due to the presence of the pneumococcus in these tissues, but that it is associated with a pathological change in the animal cell during life.
Liver.-The amount of filterable nitrogen in the samples before autolysis is too variable, both in the normal livers and in the livers from pneumococcus infections in the rabbit, for a constant difference to be obtained. The amino nitrogen before autolysis is generally slightly increased in the livers of the infected animals, especially in the perfused specimens. Most of the experiments show an increased disintegration of the livers of the infected animals during the first stages of proteolysis (twenty to thirty hours), both in the non-perfused and the perfused specimens. This increased disintegration is generally more evident for the complex proteins (filterable nitrogen) than for the lower products (amino nitrogen). In the later stages the proteolysis of the blood-containing livers of the normal and the infected rabbits tends to an equalization, or the relations reverse, the proteolysis of the normal samples becoming more advanced. In the perfused specimens the differences in the rate of proteolysis are the same as in the earlier stages. Kidney.-The rate of proteolysis shows no constant differences in the normal and infected tissues.
It has been shown that white rats may survive complete extirpation of the thymus for at least 131 days, even when the operation is performed within the first two weeks of life. Removal of the thymus does not produce an arrest or retardation of body growth and development. Qualitative changes in the skeletal system or teeth have not been found. In emaciated, weak animals osteogenesis is less active than in healthy rats, and the long bones are smaller and more delicate in structure. Such quantitative differences appear to depend upon the general nutrition, are equally pronounced in rats whose development is retarded from other causes, and cannot be referred specifically to loss of thymus function. No constant or characteristic alterations were detected in the spleen, testes, adrenals, or thyroid. Whatever functional correlations may exist between thymus and any or all of these organs are not evident from the occurrence of histological changes after the removal of the thymus. The relative proportion of lymphocytes in the blood is diminished for the first few weeks after the operation. We have not determined how long this alteration in the leucocytic formula persists. Since this paper went to press an article has appeared by Klose, describing briefly the results of thymus extirpation in pigs, goats, rats, and chickens. In rats thymectomized on the fourteenth day, there followed a progressive cachexia terminating in death after eight to ten weeks. Disturbances in ossification, which macroscopically and microscopically were identical with those of human rickets, developed also in the ribs and long bones. Some of Klose's litters failed to show these lesions, and this negative result is explained as having been due to the presence of thymic tissue within the thyroid gland. The observations of Klose are in direct contradiction to the negative results described in this paper. Since the possible presence of accessory thymus tissue either within the thyroid or elsewhere was carefully excluded in my experiments, the discrepancy between my findings and those of Klose cannot be explained upon this basis. Since this paper was sent to the publisher I have studied two additional rats which were killed 185 days after operation. Minute examination of a complete series of the neck organs, including the thyroid, failed to show any tissue which could be interpreted as thymus. The bones showed no rachitic changes. The infective origin of rachitic and osteomalacic lesions in rats has been established by Morpurgo. Although reference is made by Klose to Morpurgo's work, the data given by him do not enable one to judge whether this infection was definitely excluded.
Our experiments show that the albumen fraction, or end-piece, obtained by the dialysis of normal guinea pig serum possesses definite opsonic action. This action is often almost equal to that residing in the unfractionated alexin. It is evident, however, only if the reaction maintained during the experiments approximates that of the original serum. By the addition of small quantities of a weak sodium hydrate solution to the dialyzed serum we have been able to bring back opsonic action which was not evident in the same end-piece if simply rendered isotonic. Although our attention was called to the question of reaction by the work of Bronfenbrenner and Noguchi, like Liefmann, we have been unable to reactivate the hemolytic function of end-piece by alteration of reaction. Our experiments suggest that the opsonic action of the albumen fraction is enhanced by preliminary sensitization of the bacteria with heated normal serum and by persensitization of such bacteria with the globulin fraction. However, we cannot be positive of this, since the slight differences of phagocytic counts upon which such an opinion can be based, fall within the limits of what we consider our experimental error. The fact that the albumen fraction can exert opsonic activity upon bacteria but cannot hemolyze blood cells seems to us particularly interesting in the light of the fact that alexin can be absorbed by unsensitized bacteria but not by similarly untreated blood cells. The literature upon the relation of the alexin fractions to bacteria and the bactericidal effect is confusing in that contradictory results have been obtained by other workers. We are studying this phase of the problem with particular attention to the alkalinity or acidity under which the reactions are carried out. We think that our experiments do not point to a differentiation of normal opsonin from alexin, but we believe they indicate that the so called end-piece can enter to a slight extent into non-specific relationship with unsensitized bacteria, and it is therefore active, whereas it cannot enter into a similar relation to unsensitized cells. This conception, however, is tentatively made, since we are studying further the non-specific absorption of alexin or complement by unsensitized bacteria.
A strain of Spirochoeta pallida isolated from the nervous system has shown the following constant characters: (1) thick form; (2) the production of hard, well demarcated lesions with necrotic centers; (3) a characteristic location of the lesion; (4) a short incubation period; (5) a tendency to generalize with lesions of the skin and eye, following local inoculation of the testicle and scrotum. It is suggested that these characters constitute a definite strain of highly invasive power and that a classification of members of the pallida group may be made in accordance with this power.
Nitrous oxide, administered by means of the Gatch apparatus, as a preliminary anesthetic to ether has been found to be superior for the dog in rapidity of action, in promotion of ease of handling, and in absence of disorder; the anesthesia may be maintained solely by nitrous oxide in combination with oxygen; it is economical; and its use is instructive to students from closer imitation of current surgical methods.
1. Caseous matter obtained from lymph glands which have not become secondarily infected contains substances which inhibit enzyme activity. These substances consist chiefly of soaps of the unsaturated fatty acids. 2. The inhibiting substances are present in relatively smaller amounts when the caseous matter has become secondarily infected. This is probably due to the dilution and washing out of the soaps. 3. Ferments are either entirely absent or present in very small amounts, unless the caseous matter has become secondarily infected. 4. Caseous material from the lungs contains smaller amounts of the inhibiting substances. This may be due to the acuteness of the process, which does not permit an accumulation of the soaps, or to the binding of the soaps with the ferments. 5. Ferments are present in caseous pneumonia. In the whole emulsion the ferments are less active in an alkaline than in an acid reaction; but removal of the soaps shows that those active in an alkaline reaction are also present in considerable amounts. 6. The previous treatment with iodin of caseous matter from both lymph glands and lungs increases the action of the trypsin.
1. Dilution of plasma with isotonic solutions causes a more extensive migration in cultures of cells of the actively migratory type, such as those of spleen and bone marrow. Dilution with a limited quantity of distilled water produces the same effect. Less actively motile cells are influenced little or not at all by dilution. The effect on cells of the first type is probably due to the reduction in the quantity of fibrin in the clot producing lessened resistance to cell locomotion. 2. Dilution of plasma with either isotonic solutions or distilled water is without effect on cell multiplication, as is shown by records of the number of mitoses in living culture preparations. 3. Dilution of plasma with suitable quantities of Ringer's solution causes a marked diminution in the quantity of fat accumulated by the cells. This reduction is to be attributed to the decrease in the quantity of fat in the medium. The accumulation of fat by cells in cultures is therefore not to be regarded as the result of a cell degeneration, but as an accumulation, the source of the fat being the medium in which the cells are growing.
1. Some strains of Trypanosoma lewisi may, at times, produce rapidly fatal infections in a large percentage of the rats infected. 2. In such strains of Trypanosoma lewisi, a sufficient degree of pathogenicity may persist to warrant the designation of these strains as pathogenic. 3. The pathogenicity of a given strain of Trypanosoma lewisi is not constant, but is subject to marked and even sudden variations.
The virus of poliomyelitis introduced into the blood may pass indirectly by way of the cerebrospinal fluid to the interstices of the central nervous organs. To reach the cerebrospinal fluid the virus must first penetrate the barrier of the choroid plexus, which operation requires time. By the inoculation test, no virus was detected in the fluid at the expiration of 48 hours, only small amounts at the expiration of 72 hours, while at the expiration of 96 hours the virus had passed more freely. The virus was still detectable in the fluid at the onset of paralysis 19 days after the intravenous injection. Pathological conditions of the leptomeninges and the cerebrospinal fluid play an important part in the pathogenesis of epidemic poliomyelitis.
1. In rheumatic myocarditis, foci, termed submiliary nodules of Aschoff, are present which are characteristic of the rheumatic infection. 2. They are most frequently found in the walls of the left ventricle, the auricles usually escaping. 3. The nodules were found in three cases of chorea without joint manifestations, proving the close relation of this condition to rheumatism. 4. They were absent in fourteen cases of subacute bacterial endocarditis due to Streptococcus mitis. 5. They were not found in infections of the endocardium with the gonococcus, staphylococcus, streptococcus, or pneumococcus. 6. Even in the absence of a rheumatic history we believe, in accordance with Fraenkel, that the presence of Aschoff bodies signifies a previous rheumatic infection. 7. Aschoff bodies are not always found in rheumatic carditis, where the infection antedates death by a long period, but the healed remains, represented by sclerotic patches ("Schwielen"), are present. 8. We suggest that the cases of arthritis characterized by the presence of the submiliary nodules of Aschoff in the myocardium be placed in one group and called for the time being "rheumatism"; and the cases with articular manifestations, yielding positive bacteriological findings and no Aschoff bodies, should be classified according to the infecting microörganisms concerned, and not as rheumatism.
1. By the intravenous injection into rabbits of Streptococcus mitis, we have produced focalized myocardial lesions which are identical with those caused by the injection of Streptococcus rheumaticus, and with those produced by Bracht and Wächter with Streptococcus viridans. 2. The lesions differ from those which we produced by injections of streptococci from the Chicago epidemic of sore throat (epidemic streptococcus). 3. The lesions are not identical with Aschoff bodies and are easily differentiated from them. They also differ from the foci produced by Jackson and Coombs, who describe their lesions as being either Aschoff bodies or similar formations. 4. The myocardial lesions of the rabbit appear to be caused by toxins liberated by the streptococci injected and not by the living organisms themselves. 5. The only point of similarity between the experimental lesions and those found in cases of rheumatic carditis in man is their focalized nature.
1. We have produced arthritis in 50 per cent. of the rabbits injected with Streptococcus mitis. 2. The character of the arthritis is identical with that produced by Micrococcus rheumaticus. 3. The exudate in and about the joints partakes of the same nature as that caused by Streptococcus rheumaticus. 4. Bacteriological studies show that Streptococcus mitis can be recovered from about one third of the affected joints. 5. Arthritis produced by other types of streptococci differs by reason of greater destruction of tissue, by being more permanent in character, and by the exudate containing large numbers of polymorphonuclear leucocytes. 6. The deduction of a distinct variety or species of streptococcus based upon the power to cause arthritis in rabbits is unwarranted.
1. What appear to be certain definite stages in the migration of the malarial parasite from red corpuscle to red corpuscle may be demonstrated by thorough and persistent observations,-not minutes spent on each specimen, but many hours. 2. The migration of the malarial parasite from red corpuscle to red corpuscle gives a reasonable explanation of the loss of red corpuscles which cannot be accounted for by the destruction of the infected corpuscles at the time the parasites segment. 3. Migration to other red corpuscles is a satisfactory explanation of the ultimate fate of the young parasites seen in instances of multiple infection of single corpuscles. 4. In the light of the facts here presented, it would seem impossible to explain the instances of the parasites partly on and partly off degenerated red corpuscles as the result of technique. A stage in the migration of the parasite seems to me to be the probable interpretation of the phenomenon. 5. A corpuscular mound encircled by an adult parasite, when seen at the periphery of the red corpuscle, should have the same significance and interpretation in reference to the extracellular relation of the parasite to the corpuscle, that it has when it is seen in connection with a young parasite. 6. The adult ring-form parasite should have the same interpretation as the young ring-form parasite. 7. Attachment to the external surface of the red corpuscles seems to me to be the only possible interpretation of the appearances of the parasites pictured in this article.
1. The ferment-inhibiting action of the serum is due to the presence of compounds of the unsaturated fatty acids. 2. These fatty acid compounds may be removed from the serum by means of chloroform or ether. 3. Soaps prepared by saponifying the chloroform or ether extracts inhibit the action of trypsin. 4. The anti-enzyme action of the serum can be removed by filtering acid serum through kaolin, and can in part be restored by extracting the kaolin. 5. The decrease in strength of anti-enzyme in old sera is probably due to the action of the serum lipase. 6. Iodin, potassium iodide, or hydrogen peroxide remove the inhibiting action of the serum. 7. Soaps of the unsaturated fatty acids lose their ferment-inhibiting action when heated with serum at 70 degrees C.
1. Sera from which the protective lipoids (unsaturated fatty acids) have been removed are toxic for the homologous animal. 2. The toxicity is due to three factors: (a) an alteration in the mechanism of coagulation, with resulting intravascular coagulation; (b) the exposure of the native serum proteins; (c) the formation of toxic split products (primary proteoses) by autolysis. 3. A definite maximum of toxicity can be determined, with a final stage of atoxicity due to continued autolysis. 4. Hirudin and sodium citrate do not protect animals. 5. Heating to 70 degrees C. destroys, or greatly lessens, the toxicity of the serotoxin, although the isolated proteoses are toxic after boiling. 6. The return of the extracted lipoids (saponified) neutralizes the toxicity. 7. Unsaturated soaps also neutralize the toxicity. 8. Sublethal doses produce extreme prostration, marked fall in body temperature, no eosinophilia, and an increase of antitrypsin. 9. Sublethal doses of rapidly prepared chloroform sera cause a decrease in coagulation time; sublethal doses of autolyzed sera cause an increase in coagulation time. 10. Previously injected animals are more resistant (increased antiferments). 11. Iodized animals are less resistant (decreased antiferments).
Several green dyes show a marked selective action for members of the typhoid-paratyphoid-colon group. This can be used for the enrichment of typhoid and paratyphoid bacilli present in feces. Forty dyes were tested with thirty strains covering all types of pathogenic bacteria. In general the dyes restrained the growth of the Gram-positive bacteria but had no effect on the growth of the Gram-negative group.
It has been shown that the chick embryo offers suitable conditions for the growth of implanted tissues, whether these be embryonic or adult, of the same species or a foreign one. The chick at about the time of hatching develops a defensive mechanism against the tissue of foreign species. This resistance can be supplied to the embryo in the early stages if grafts of adult spleen or bone marrow are implanted. Under these conditions the embryo exhibits the same resistance to foreign tissue as does the adult, and presents the same histological manifestations about the graft. Furthermore, the same tissues, spleen and bone marrow, when grafted into an embryo with an established and growing rat tumor, bring about a retrogression and absorption of the foreign tissue. Other adult tissues do not supply this power to the embryo.
1. The malarial parasite is extracellular throughout its life cycle and migrates from red corpuscle to red corpuscle destroying each before it abandons it; in the brief intervals between, the parasite is free in the blood serum; it does not remain long free, but almost immediately attaches itself to another red corpuscle by means of delicate pseudopodia. 2. The compact form of the tertian parasite is the type of free parasite most often observed; in this form the parasite may be seen not only in migration, but after quinine and in the cadaver. I believe the compact form to be the normal resting form of the parasite, all other forms being assumed in order to secure attachment and to obtain food. 3. Care must be taken not to confound free parasites having protoplasmic pseudopodia ready for attachment with the sexual flagellating parasites, whose flagella are composed of chromatin. 4. The malarial parasite can live for some time free in the blood serum, though under normal conditions there is no reason why it should remain free for any length of time, and there are certain periods in the life of the parasite when it must be admitted that it is free from the corpuscle and survives. If the parasite is, as I believe, attached to the external surface of the red corpuscle, it is constantly exposed to the action of the patients' serum. 5. The destruction of more than one red corpuscle by each parasite would readily account for the severe and early anemia occurring in malarial infections. 6. Long continued treatment with quinine will eventually cause the death of all malarial parasites.
The adrenalin index as used in this paper means the amount of adrenalin in milligrams per gram of gland. As in our hands the chemical colorimetric method has proved more accurate, these values rather than the physiological values will be given in the final analysis. The two adrenal glands in the same individual as a rule contain about the same amount of adrenalin per gram, but variations of 10 to 20 per cent. are not unusual. Normal dogs show an index which may vary from 1.2 to 1.8 milligrams. The dogs were killed by short ether anesthesia and bleeding from the carotid. Normal human beings, dying from trauma, rupture of aneurysm, etc., show an index of 0.35 to 0.50 of a milligram, when autopsy takes place a few hours after death. Deterioration of uncut glands or of a gland hash kept on ice in the dark is not rapid and rarely exceeds 10 per cent. in twenty-four hours. Acute intoxication in dogs shows a low adrenalin index, especially the intoxication associated with intestinal obstruction and the closed intestinal loop. Intravenous injection of the poison found in closed duodenal loops sufficient to cause fatal shock causes a great drop in the adrenalin index, at times to one fourth normal or even lower. After recovery from a sublethal toxic dose the adrenalin index may rise rapidly to a point considerably above normal. The same may hold for recovery after chloroform poisoning. Anesthesia by chloroform or ether causes a drop in the adrenalin index depending upon the length of anesthesia and probably in part on the depth of anesthesia. Liver poisons (chloroform, phosphorus, hydrazine) cause a drop in the adrenal index to a low level, perhaps one half normal in acute cases. Pancreas extirpation with prolonged glycosuria and death produces a great drop in the adrenalin index (cat). There is evidence that this may hold in some cases of human diabetes. In man disease of one adrenal (tuberculosis) may be associated with an adrenalin index of double the normal value in the intact adrenal. Pernicious anemia is the only disease so far found to present an abnormally high adrenalin index, and the single case shows an index at least twice normal. This is of interest especially in relation to the views recently put forward to indicate that the spleen and adrenal may be concerned in the lipoid metabolism which is thought to be profoundly disturbed in this disease. Secondary anemia due to repeated hemorrhage or the intoxication of cancer or tuberculosis causes a fall in the adrenalin index. Cachexia due to neoplasm or tuberculosis may cause a marked fall in the adrenalin index, perhaps to less than one half of normal. Acute infections (typhoid fever), septicemia, peritonitis, and similar conditions may be associated with a normal adrenalin index or one somewhat below normal. Diseases of the kidneys, heart, or blood vessels associated with elevated blood pressure show no constant variation in the adrenalin index, which may be normal or slightly subnormal.
Ovarian infection and germinal transmission of disease have been conclusively demonstrated in our investigations of bacillary white diarrhea in the common domestic fowl. The disease, which has caused so much loss to the poultry industry in recent years, primarily affects young chicks that are but a few weeks old. Chicks which survive frequently become permanent bacillus carriers, the ovary being the important seat of infection. The eggs from such carriers often harbor the organism of the disease in the yolk. Chicks that develop in infected eggs become in turn infected, and have the disease at the time of hatching. The disease is transmitted to normal chicks through the infected droppings; thus an epidemic is produced, and the cycle of infection is completed. There is no evidence to indicate that germinal transmission through the male takes place. In view of the frequent negative results bearing on this question it seems probable that it does not.
1. The morphological and developmental anomalies of a pathogenic strain of Trypanosoma lewisi have been described to show the unusual character of the strain. 2. Especial attention is called to the spontaneous occurrence of ablepharoplastic forms of Trypanosoma lewisi. 3. It is pointed out that morphological anomalies were most pronounced in infections that showed unusual conditions of multiplication, and that such infections usually proved severe. 4. Finally, an appreciable correlation between the morphological and developmental characteristics and the virulence as manifested in these examples of infection with Trypanosoma lewisi has been suggested.
Two spontaneous chicken tumors, unlike in several important respects, have given rise on transplantation to neoplasms of identical character. The spontaneous growth, No. 18, situated in the gizzard, was a spindle-celled sarcoma rifted with blood sinuses into which it extended, with result in what may be described as an intracanalicular pattern. The metastases, which were in the voluntary muscles, showed the same peculiar structure. Tumor 38, occurring in the subcutaneous tissue of the groin, was a solid, spindle-celled sarcoma of rather close texture, with few blood vessels. Here and there were small areas of softening, and at its center was a large degeneration cyst with ragged walls, containing a clear fluid. There were no metastases. The transplantation tumors from both growths have been characterized by slow growth, tendency to metastasize to the skeletal muscles without involvement of the lungs, and a structure which at one time is that of a very regular spindle-celled sarcoma containing many bands and ribbons of collagen, and at another that of a sarcoma rifted with blood sinuses like the spontaneous tumor No. 18. At present the two strains are practically indistinguishable in appearance and general behavior. Both are caused by filterable agents. The agent causing No. 38, unlike that causing No. 18, retains its activity in tumor tissue which has been dried or glycerinated; and in a Berkefeld filtrate it is much the more active in causing tumors. These differences can hardly be thought of as constituting a fundamental distinction between agents which, to judge from their effects, are almost undoubtedly different strains of a single disease cause. That chicken tumors of markedly different type have different filterable agents as their cause has been proved by experiments already reported. The present findings make it probable that, within certain limits, tumors of rather various character may be dependent upon a single agent. This assumption greatly simplifies the etiological problem. But the truth of the assumption for other instances than those described in the present article can only be determined by the study and comparison in many hosts of the disease-complexes of which each spontaneous chicken tumor is to be considered as an individual expression.
The forty-third spontaneous chicken tumor received at this laboratory strikingly resembles the first and has given rise on transplantation to an entirely similar series of neoplasms. Tumors of both strains are due to a filterable agent which remains active in the dried or glycerinated tissue.
Cholera-like non-agglutinating vibrios are invariably found in the intestinal contents of healthy persons, and frequently in the water of wells and rivers, during epidemics of cholera. Although many of these saprophytic vibrios are indistinguishable in morphology and cultural properties from the cholera vibrio, the negative reaction with an anticholera serum has readily differentiated them from the Asiatic vibrio. The biological polymorphism of the cholera vibrio has been suggested by the development of agglutination, by special methods of culture, in cholera-like vibrios. Confirmatory Pfeiffer reactions have not been obtained, as a rule, in these instances, probably because of the low virulence of the vibrio culture, although positive bacteriolysis in vitro (Bordet's test) was observed in some, and in others positive complement fixation and cross agglutination indicated the cholera nature of the vibrios in question. Although it cannot as yet be definitely proven, we are justified in suspecting that cholera-like vibrios which eventually develop agglutination properties are of a true cholera nature. It is probable that the production of agglutination antibodies in the serum brings about the development by the bacterial cell of defensive anti-agglutinins, resulting in the disappearance of agglutinating power. In the case of the water vibrios, changed physical conditions could bring about a similar alteration in biological properties. It may be said that the absence of agglutination in a vibrio isolated from a suspected source does not define conclusively its noncholera nature. In all probability among a number of cholera-like vibrios isolated from suspected sources a certain percentage will eventually be found to develop agglutination either during laboratory cultivation or by means of animal passage, and until subjected to a procedure that will induce the return of agglutination no vibrio can be regarded with assurance as of a truly saprophytic variety.
A strain of human connective tissue was kept in a condition of active life in vitro for more than two months. When a medium has been devised the composition of which is more constant, it is reasonable to suppose that human connective tissue can be cultivated in vitro for an indefinite period.
The parameningococci of Dopter are culturally indistinguishable from true or normal meningococci, but serologically they exhibit differences as regards agglutination, opsonization, and complement deviation. Because of the variations and irregularities of serum reactions existing among otherwise normal strains of meningococci it does not seem either possible or desirable to separate the parameningococci into a strictly definite class. It appears desirable to consider them as constituting a special strain among meningococci not, however, wholly consistent in itself. The distinctions in serum reactions between normal and para meningococci are supported by the differences in protective effects of the monovalent immune sera upon infection in guinea pigs and monkeys. It is therefore concluded that it is highly desirable to employ strains of parameningococcus in the preparation of the usual polyvalent antimeningococcic serum. It remains to be determined whether it is better to employ the parameningococci along with normal meningococci in immunizing horses, or to employ normal and para strains separately in the immunization process and to combine afterwards, in certain proportions, the sera from the two kinds of immunized horses.
A distinct retention of calcium, magnesium, and phosphorus was noted, which was not accompanied by corresponding changes in general metabolism, as evidenced by a practical balance of nitrogen and sulphur. It is concluded that there is a primary disturbance in the metabolism of the mineral elements mentioned, with the probable formation of new bony tissue. The distribution of elements between urine and feces shows no abnormal variations. A suggestion is made as to the reasons for variable calcium output in the urine on a uniform diet.
The metabolism of calcium was studied in a man after complete removal of the thyroid and parathyroid glands. A slight retention of calcium (0.4578 of a gram of calcium oxide in the ten-day period) was noted. The urinary calcium excretion was low, averaging 0.0134 of a gram per day on a daily ingestion averaging 1.6736 grams of calcium oxide. A slight increase was observed during the period of study in the calcium content of the blood. No symptoms of tetany were noted in the patient, who survived operation thirty-nine days. The low urinary and blood calcium values are taken to show deficient absorption of calcium, which may bear some relation to the decreased gastric secretion after parathyroidectomy. Attempts are made to explain the non-occurrence of tetany as due to the high calcium intake and to the development of a compensatory mechanism in which the pituitary body may play a part.
When rabbits are injected intravenously with a quantity of virulent streptococci or pneumococci sufficient to cause death within two to four days the septicemia takes a definite course with slight variations. The bacteria rapidly decrease in number from the time of the injection to from two to four hours, at which time the blood is sterile or contains only a few bacteria. Within five to six hours the bacteria reappear in the blood and steadily increase until the death of the animal. If the bacteria are less virulent, the same quantity of culture causes a chronic type of infection. The same initial decrease in the number of bacteria occurs. The reëntrance into the blood is somewhat delayed, the septicemia does not reach the height obtained in the acute cases, and a second fall occurs within the course of a few hours. These rabbits show a low blood invasion or a sterile blood culture for several days. During this time they become emaciated to a marked degree. Then the low septicemia rapidly rises or the rabbit with a sterile culture develops a severe septicemia within a few hours and death takes place from a few hours to two days thereafter. In this type of infection local lesions, pericarditis, pleurisy, peritonitis, etc., are usually found. In the infections which run an acute course no gross lesions are found. If the bacteria are still less virulent they never reënter the blood after the initial disappearance and the rabbits remain in good condition. In order to obtain uniform results, the quantity of bacteria injected must not be so large that the bacterial substances See PDF for Structure carried in are sufficient to cause an intoxication of the animal. If the quantity of bacteria injected is below this point the course of the infection depends largely upon the virulence of the infecting organisms. Yet variations in the natural resistance of individual animals may be sufficient to cause quite marked irregularities in the course of the infection. Pneumococci can be standardized so as to produce a particular type of infection more easily than streptococci. In general infections such as those produced by streptococci and pneumococci the number of the bacteria present in the circulating blood at a given time supplies accurate and delicate information regarding the severity of the disease. When the object is to determine the degree of virulence of bacteria, or of the efficiency of an experimental therapeutic method, the mere physical condition and mere death of the inoculated animals are not sufficient and satisfactory guides to the desired information. The death of the inoculated animal and the recovery of the infecting bacteria at autopsy do not give complete information concerning the intensity and course of the infection occurring during life. A large number of bacteria found in the blood and tissues at autopsy do not necessarily prove the existence of a heavy infection before the onset of the death agony, since it is a well known fact that bacteria multiply with enormous rapidity, once the natural resistance of the animal has been overcome. Therefore, if merely the life and death of the animal and autopsy findings must serve as our only guides, we shall lose much incidental information, perhaps of fundamental value. This may be especially true as regards the search for curative substances. Again, the individual animals of the same species, age, and apparently of identical physical condition react to the aggressive force of the infecting organisms variously. This fact is readily found out by the injection of a series of rabbits with lethal quantities of bacteria per body-weight, and by making tests at various periods before death results, which, in the case of streptococci, ranges from one to six days. Consequently a method which enables the determination of the degree and progress of the infection at any desired period is of obvious advantage.
The virus of poliomyelitis is capable of penetrating the retina without producing apparent injury, to reach the central nervous organs. The virus injected into the blood is deposited promptly in the spleen and bone marrow, but not in the kidneys, spinal cord, or brain. Notwithstanding the affinity which the nervous tissues possess for the virus, it is not removed from the blood by the spinal cord and brain until the choroid plexus and blood vessels have suffered injury. The intervertebral ganglia remove the virus from the blood earlier than do the spinal cord and brain. An aseptic inflammation produced by an intraspinous injection of horse serum facilitates and insures the passage of the virus to the central nervous organs, and the production of paralysis. The unaided virus, even when present in large amounts, passes inconstantly from the blood to the substance of the spinal cord and brain. When the virus within the blood fails to gain access to the central nervous organs, and to set up paralysis, it is destroyed by the body, in course of which destruction it undergoes, as a result of the action of the spleen and, perhaps, other organs, diminution of virulence. The histological lesions that follow the intravenous injections of the virus in some but not in all cases differ from those which result from intraneural modes of infection. In escaping from the blood into the spinal cord and brain, the virus causes a lymphatic invasion of the choroid plexus and widespread perivascular infiltration, and from the latter cellular invasions enter the nervous tissues. A similar lymphoid infiltration of the choroid plexus may arise also from an intracerebral injection of the virus. The histological lesions present in the central nervous organs in human cases of poliomyelitis correspond to those that arise from the intraneural method of infection in the monkey. The virus in transit from the blood through the cerebrospinal fluid to the substance of the spinal cord and brain is capable of being neutralized by intraspinous injection of immune serum, whereby the production of paralysis is averted. Carmin in a sterile and finely divided state introduced into the meninges and ventricles sets up an aseptic inflammation, but is quickly taken up by cells, including ependymal cells. When an aseptic inflammation has been previously established by means of horse serum, or when the nervous tissues are already injured by the poliomyelitic virus, the pigment appears to enter the ependymal cells more freely. The experiments described support the view that infection in epidemic poliomyelitis in man is local and neural, and by way of the lymphatics, and not general and by way of the blood. Hence they uphold the belief that the infection atrium is the upper respiratory mucous membrane.
The rise of temperature following typhoid vaccination is accompanied by a marked increase in the output of total nitrogen, creatinin, and especially of uric acid. The reaction to tuberculin is slower, but is also accompanied by an increased output of nitrogenous substances, that is, however, less uniform and generally less pronounced. In a case of malaria there was a tendency for the rise of temperature to be accompanied by an increased output of total nitrogen and less uniformly of creatinin; on two days on which the fever was preceded by rigor the output of uric acid was increased.
When phenoltetrachlorphthalein is injected intravenously, it is eliminated from the body in the bile through the activity of the hepatic epithelium. The feces may be collected after purgation and the phthalein extracted and estimated against a standard solution. The estimation of phthalein can be done with accuracy in a suitable colorimeter and the elimination in normal dogs is quite constant. Given a definite liver injury by means of poisons (chloroform, phosphorus), the amount of phthalein excreted will be diminished and the fall in output will be proportional to the amount of injury. With an acute fatal poisoning the curve may fall to zero. Under certain conditions of vascular interference the liver phthalein may show a decreased output; in passive congestion of the liver and with the Eck fistula the liver output may fall considerably below normal. Known disturbances of the liver function due to parenchymatous injury or vascular disturbances are indicated by a fall in the phthalein. excretion curve. Conversely it may be claimed that a drop in phthalein excretion may indicate a decrease in the functional capacity of the liver even if there be no detectable histological changes. Adrenal insufficiency produced by extirpation of three fourths or more of the gland tissue will be associated with a drop in liver phthalein excretion. With hypertrophy of the adrenal fragment the excretion comes back to normal, but may fall again when more adrenal tissue is removed (text-figure 1). Pancreatic insufficiency causes a progressive fall in the phthalein excretion indicating a grave lowering of the functional capacity of the liver (text-figure 2). This fact has a direct bearing on the question of diabetes. Parathyroid insufficiency with tetany causes no decrease in phthalein output, but at times a rise above normal. This comes out best when the phthalein curve is low following pancreas extirpation. Parathyroid tetany may cause hyperactivity on the part of the liver cells. Thyroid insufficiency produces no change in the uniform curve of phthalein excretion. Hypophysis insufficiency shows an initial fall in the curve, followed by a return to normal and a final drop in the last few days before death. These experiments supply evidence to the effect that the liver is very much concerned in the derangement that follows the removal of the ductless glands. Hence it seems probable that this disturbance of the liver function may be an important factor in the general symptom complex of ductless gland insufficiency. In conclusion we wish to express our appreciation to Dr. S. J. Crowe and Dr. A. P. Jones for assistance rendered in performing some of the operations for gland removal.
1. There is no demonstrable increase in non-coagulable nitrogen during bacteriolysis. 2. Bacteria treated with immune serum and complement are so altered that they are more readily digested by trypsin. 3. Bacteria treated with complement alone become more resistant to proteolysis. 4. Bacteria treated with an excess of immune serum and complement become more resistant to proteolysis.
A comparison of the results obtained in the analysis of the different effusions shows that they vary, (1) according to location, and (2) according to the disease in which they are produced. Thus the subcutaneous effusions are totally different in their composition from the abdominal or pleuritic fluids; and again the abdominal fluid of nephritic origin is different from those of cardiac or other origin. The cutaneous effusions are characterized by a very low protein content and a small amount of incoagulable nitrogen. Of the protein present in these fluids, the globulin constitutes the greater portion. In the mixed cardionephritic fluids the ratio of globulin to albumin is lower than that in normal blood serum; but when compared with the blood sera of cardionephritic cases there appears to be a certain parallelism. The chloride content of these fluids is considerably above that found in normal blood serum, but is comparable with those of corresponding cases. The effusions occurring in serous cavities differ from the cutaneous ones by their higher protein content. The highest values are attained in the pleural fluids, in which the protein present is almost the same as that in normal blood serum. The incoagulable nitrogen in these fluids is uniformly low. The chlorides vary in amount according to the nature of the case. In the effusions of inflammatory origin the values are lower than those found in the blood. In the pleural fluids of other than inflammatory origin the chloride content is either the same or higher than that of blood serum. The globulin-albumin ratio in all of these fluids except one (table III, fluid 61) is higher than that of normal blood serum. Otherwise the highest value is presented by a pleural fluid from a case of nephritis (table III, fluid 205) and the lowest by an empyema fluid (table III, fluid 30). The latter case is of especial interest because of the theory, first propounded by Schmidt, that the leucocytes in the purulent fluid are largely responsible for high globulin content. The abdominal fluids in general are less rich in protein than the pleural effusions. Those of cardiac origin give the highest protein values, but the globulin-albumin ratios are lower than in the pleural fluids or in the blood sera of corresponding cases. Only in two fluids does the globulin reach a percentage of 62 and 52.2. In both these cases the chloride content is also high. The incoagulable nitrogen in all of them is rather low. In one fluid of purely nephritic origin the protein content is low and all of it is globulin. This is suggestive, when compared with the values obtained in the analysis of the blood sera from nephritic cases. The results obtained in the analysis of abdominal fluids from cardionephritic cases approach very closely those obtained in purely cardiac cases.
Solutions of the bodies of pneumococci, obtained by dissolving them in dilute solutions of sodium cholate, by permitting them to undergo autolysis, or by first freezing, drying, and then grinding in salt solution, are actively hemolytic for rabbit, sheep, guinea pig, and human red blood corpuscles. The substance on which this hemolytic property depends is very labile, much of its activity is lost on passing through a filter, and it is destroyed by the action of trypsin. In its properties it corresponds to the substance contained in such solutions which causes the death of guinea pigs on intravenous injection. Its activity is prevented by the presence of minute amounts of cholesterin. Following the injection of this solution into rabbits and sheep, the sera of these animals acquire increased power of inhibiting its hemolytic action. It therefore possesses antigenic properties. It may therefore be concluded that the bodies of pneumococci contain a toxin that is hemolytic for red blood corpuscles. This substance is not simply a product of autolysis but undoubtedly exists preformed in the bacterial cell. However, it is not given up to the surrounding fluid as long as the bodies of the bacteria are intact. It may therefore be considered a hemolytic endotoxin.
1. Pneumococci in contact with hemoglobin transform this into methemoglobin. This reaction occurs only when the pneumococci are living; it is not induced by the culture fluid or by extracts of the bacteria. 2. The reaction does not occur when hemoglobin is added to an emulsion of washed pneumococci in salt solution. However, if minute traces of dextrose be added to such a mixture, the reaction quickly occurs. The dextrose may be replaced by any one of a number of other sugars, and also by certain other organic substances, if the latter are added in large amounts. Certain other organic substances are not able to replace dextrose, but it has been impossible to determine any special molecular configuration on which this property depends. 3. The formation of methemoglobin by pneumococci probably resembles the formation of methemoglobin by certain chemical substances, such as aminophenol. 4. From the work of others it is probable that the formation of methemoglobin is always a reaction of oxidation. In the formation of methemoglobin by reducing agents, the latter are first oxidized, this occurring better in the presence of oxyhemoglobin. In certain instances an alternate oxidative and reduction of the transforming agent occurs, so that the reaction is continuous. The effect which the presence or absence of free oxygen has on the reaction with pneumococci suggests that this follows similar lines. 5. The reaction does not occur in the absence of oxygen. If the free oxygen be first removed, and then replaced, the reaction occurs more rapidly than if the oxygen had not been removed. The presence of free oxygen in excess slightly delays the reaction, possibly because of the inhibition of the reduction process which forms the first part of the reaction. 6. The explanation of this phenomenon of methemoglobin production is not only of importance so far as this special reaction is concerned, but also because it suggests an explanation for the manner in which pathological effects are produced by those bacteria which apparently produce no soluble toxin.
Our experiments have shown definitely that guinea pigs, once injected with sublethal doses of bacterial proteotoxins (anaphylatoxins), acquire distinct tolerance to these poisons. The degree to which such resistance or tolerance is developed is never very high, in no case in our experiments exceeding the ability to withstand one and one half to twice the fatal dose of the poisons. During the three or four days immediately following the first injection the animals appear to be slightly less resistant than are normal controls, this depending probably upon the in jury done by the administered poison. Tolerance begins to be evident after from four to seven days, seems to be most highly developed in about two weeks, but lasts in a diminishing degree for at least as long as sixty days. Our experience, in this respect, with the poisons resulting from the contact of active serum and bacteria is similar to that of Vaughan with the toxic protein split products obtained by chemical methods. The development of increased resistance definitely established, the questions immediately arise: (1) Is this tolerance specific? And (2) can it be passively transferred, with the serum, to a normal animal? We have begun to seek answers for these problems but as yet our data are too meager to permit definite conclusions. The significance of the existence of higher resistance in animals treated with proteotoxins is far reaching both in connection with anaphylaxis and with immunity in general. We are not inclined to attribute to it as predominant a part in anti-anaphylaxis as is assigned to it by Bessau. For, in the first place, tolerance to the poisons is never developed to a very high degree, and, moreover, it does not become evident until three or four days after the first injection, while anti-anaphylaxis develops almost immediately after shock. However, there seems to us to be strong presumptive evidence that such tolerance to the poisons may play an important and, possibly, a non-specific part in anti-anaphylaxis, the chief underlying and specific cause of this phenomenon being the exhaustion of antibodies, or desensitization in the sense of Besredka. The relation of such tolerance to the resistance of the animal to bacterial infection is, of course, obvious if we accept the possibility of the production of such poisons in the injected body and their participation in the production of bacterial toxemia. We hope to throw more light on these relations in another paper dealing with the aggressin-like properties of the proteotoxins.
Mice either normal or splenectomized after exposure to X-ray are markedly more susceptible to bovine tuberculosis than are normal animals. Animals splenectomized a short time prior to inoculation are also more susceptible than normal, while those splenectomized eight to ten days before inoculation have about the same resistance as normal. The mice splenectomized three to four weeks before inoculation have a resistance increased over the normal, as has already been shown by Lewis and Margot. As X-ray in the doses used apparently affects only the lymphoid tissue and as the hypertrophy of the remaining lymphoid tissue after splenectomy is so rapid that the circulating lymphocytes may be much above the normal by the third week, it is concluded that this evidence, taken with the well known association of the lymphocytes with tuberculous lesions, points strongly to the lymphocyte as an important agent in the defensive mechanism against tuberculosis.
The cause of the frequent localization of secondary tumors at points of injury is not known. Our work deals with this problem. For the experiments the peritoneal cavity has been employed as offering relatively uncomplicated conditions, and the fate of mouse tumor brought into contact with a peritoneal lining injured in various ways has been studied. The injection of a suspension of mouse tumor into a healthy peritoneal cavity has little success as a rule compared with a similar injection into the subcutaneous tissue. We have found that the resistance of the peritoneal lining thus indicated can be largely if not completely abolished by the preliminary injection of a mechanical irritant (Kieselguhr, lycopodium). That the change thus brought about is independent of general immunity phenomena is shown by the fact that a local injury renders susceptible the part of the peritoneum immediately affected and that part only. Special tests show that the factor important in rendering the peritoneum more susceptible is the injury to the subendothelial connective tissue. Susceptibility persists after the endothelium has regenerated over the reacting connective tissue. Schmidt has found that the cells of tumor emboli in the pulmonary arterioles are able to penetrate the endothelium of the vessel only after they have been provided with a stroma from the subendothelial connective tissue. Our findings are easily explained on the basis thus suggested. A connective tissue highly cellular and perhaps still proliferating as the result of injury may well elaborate the stroma for a tumor more rapidly than normal connective tissue. Tests of growth in vitro support this idea. Connective tissue reacting to an injury grows profusely and almost immediately when incubated in plasma, whereas normal tissue from the same region shows usually no growth whatever. Dead tumor fragments in contact with the peritoneum cause a change favorable to the lodgment and growth of later tumor fragments. It seems not improbable that the peritoneal dissemination of certain human neoplasms may be accomplished indirectly through the death of the first tumor fragments cast off. Our observations have been purposely confined to the effects of injury on the peritoneal lining ; but they seem to afford the basis for a generalization. The secondary localization of tumors at points of injury may be attributed with good reason to the presence at such points of an active connective tissue capable of elaborating a stroma rapidly and abundantly. For it is the proliferation of the subendothelial connective tissue to form a supporting stroma that determines the fate of free tumor cells, whether these lie on the peritoneum or within a vessel.
A transplantable sarcoma of the fowl, known as Chicken Tumor XVIII, in our series, succeeds better in chickens of an alien breed (Plymouth Rock) than in those of the variety in which it originated (brown Leghorn). This is not due to gross physical differences in the two breeds but to some more subtle factor and one which perhaps acts by influencing the agent causing the tumor. It would seem that Chicken Tumor XVIII, as it occurred in nature, was an instance of a disease appearing spontaneously in an animal of relatively insusceptible variety.
The phenomena of natural and acquired resistance to transplanted chicken tumors strikingly resemble those observed in the case of transplanted mammalian growths; and no more than those do they suggest that the tumors have an extrinsic cause. That there may exist in fowls implanted with a chicken tumor a resistance directed against the tumor-causing agent distinct from the resistance manifested against the alien tumor cells has been shown in a previous article. Both sorts of resistance are present in a fowl in which a tumor has retrogressed, the resistance in such an instance being acquired. That directed against the agent is largely specific, giving little if any protection against the agents causing other tumors. There is some evidence that the conditions upon which a fowl's natural resistance depends are the same for the agents causing different chicken tumors. It has proved impossible to protect chickens against the agent causing the simple sarcoma by injecting them with dried tumor material in which this agent has been attenuated by heat. The transfer of blood from resistant fowls to fowls with growing tumors is in our experience void of effect on the tumors.
Previous work has shown that the growth of grafts of transplantable tumors can be in many cases prevented or retarded by underfeeding the new host or by putting it on a special diet. The effect of such treatment on large tumors has been little studied; and the effect on metastases and recurrences has not been studied at all. Apart from certain clinical observations nothing is known as to the influence on spontaneous tumors of alterations in the diet. Experiments with transplanted rat and mouse tumors along the lines thus suggested show that large growths of certain strains are checked in their development by underfeeding the host upon a special diet (Sweet's modification of one of Mendel and Osborne's foods) or in some cases by simple underfeeding. Two metastasizing mouse tumors are instances in point. They stopped growing or grew very slowly in hosts underfed on the special diet. The Flexner-Jobling rat carcinoma, on the other hand, was unaffected by the most rigorous underfeeding on a mixed diet when this was begun after the tumor had been growing for a short period. Experiments to test the influence of underfeeding upon recurrences of this tumor gave results that varied from series to series of animals. The findings strongly indicate that generalizations from work with transplanted tumors as regards the effects of diet on spontaneous growths are unwarranted. By underfeeding on Sweet's food mice with spontaneous tumors, beginning some days prior to operation, it has proved possible in most cases to delay for a relatively long period the development of recurrences and the growth of tumor bits (grafts) disseminated at the time of surgical interference. The treatment entailed great loss of weight. Tumor mice kept on ordinary diet previous to operation, but put thereafter on an abundant ration of Sweet's food, developed recurrences as early as the tumor mice on ordinary diet; whereas the growth of auto-implants was, relatively speaking, much delayed. These results seem attributable rather to a gradual malnutrition induced by the special food than to the circumstance that it lacked a growth principle. In none of the dieted mice was a definite cure obtained. Ordinarily a recurrence appeared and the grafts began to grow soon after the host, again on ordinary food, had regained weight. A few spontaneous tumors seem absolutely unaffected by the most rigorous dieting. Wounds heal with marked slowness in animals that have become thin as a result of dieting, and an inert foreign body (agar-agar) injected subcutaneously is very slowly encapsulated and organized. In these facts may be found a suggestion as to the method whereby dieting delays tumor growth. For it may well be that, with a lessened proliferative activity of the host tissue, the elaboration of a vascularizing and supporting stroma such as most tumors depend upon for their growth, at least indirectly, is much delayed. The rapid growth of tumors in emaciating individuals is not incompatible with the present findings. Such growth may be consequent upon a selection in the host of those cells most fit to cope with the increasingly difficult nutritive conditions. But experiments designed to demonstrate this have been unsuccessful. It is conceivable that recurrences of certain human tumors and the development of metastases may be delayed or prevented for a period by methods somewhat similar to those employed against spontaneous mouse tumors in the present investigation. But generally speaking only the more malignant human tumors would require such palliative measures, and these are precisely the ones that would prove,-if experience with mice is an index,-least amenable to alterations in the nutrition of the host.
1. Intact bacteria probably resist tryptic digestion because of the absence of an exposed protein substrate. 2. Dried organisms resist digestion in a degree proportional to their content of unsaturated lipoids. 3. Lipoidal extractives reduce the resistance to tryptic digestion. 4. The extracted lipoids (saponified) are antitryptic in a degree proportional to their unsaturation. 5. The inactivation of the antiferment in Gram-negative organisms is probably due to changes in the degree of lipoidal dispersion. 6. Bacteria adsorb lipoids from the serum when incubated at 37 degrees C. Such organisms when dried are found to be more resistant to tryptic digestion than untreated organisms.
1. The antitryptic titer of the serum can be increased by subcutaneous injections of serum lipoids (antitrypsin) and of the lipoids from egg yolk. 2. Animals so injected show a relative immunity to acute anaphylactic shock (two minimum lethal doses). 3. Extraction of lipoids contained in antigens increases the toxicity of the antigen when injected into a sensitized animal. 4. Sublethal doses of soap solutions injected simultaneously with the antigen (purified horse serum albumen) prevent anaphylactic shock. 5. The refractory state following anaphylactic shock is related in part to an increase in the antitryptic titer of the serum.
Rachitic changes in the bones and teeth occur in young albino rats as the result of spontaneous disease, possibly of infective origin. This disease is often, but not always, accompanied by an arrest of growth and malnutrition. There is no valid reason for attributing such lesions to the loss of thymic function. In some of the rats showing the disease, an unusual number of mitoses were found in the parathyroid glands, but no evidence of injury to these structures. It has not been found possible to confirm the statements of Klose and Magnini as to the fatal effects of complete thymus extirpation in rats.
We have described the methods used in determining the influence of certain substances on tumor growth, and we measured approximately the degree of reliability of the quantitative method used. We examined with these methods various classes of substances,- distilled water, a number of inorganic salts, inorganic colloidal substances, various organic colloidal and non-colloidal substances, especially various proteids, tuberculin and hirudin alone as well as in combination with other substances. Distilled water, various inorganic sulphur preparations, and various inorganic salts did not show an inhibiting effect on tumor growth sufficient to be detected by means of our first method. Only in the case of gold potassium cyanide was there possibly a slightly retarding influence present. On the other hand, certain colloidal solutions of heavy metals (copper, platinum, gold) retard the growth of a number of tumors of injected animals. Certain combinations of copper salts and casein act in a similar manner. Of the organic substances used, casein, nucleoproteid, and hirudin were active, while the other proteids tested, as well as various other organic substances and tuberculin and lecithin, seemed to be either without effect or weaker than the other substances mentioned as retarding the tumor growth. Hirudin was active and caused in addition to its inhibiting influence the retrogression of a certain number of tumors. Especially active was a combination of hirudin with colloidal copper and of hirudin with nucleoproteid. One single injection of casein or nucleoproteid, or of the Heyden preparation of colloidal copper, leads to a more or less marked edematous condition of a certain number of tumors, while hirudin caused in addition, in many cases, marked hemorrhages in or around the tumors. Other substances which we tested did not show this effect, although their inhibiting action on tumor growth may have been equally strong. Very young tumors (two to six days old) are not retarded in their growth through injection of colloidal copper or hirudin, while nine to thirteen days old tumors are, independently of their size on the ninth day, inhibited in approximately the same relative degree; absolutely, however, the more rapidly growing smaller tumors are more markedly inhibited than the normally more slowly growing larger tumors.
1. Through a set of preliminary injections of colloidal copper or hirudin, given from the second to the sixth day after transplantation, we can weaken the effect of injections of the same substances given from the ninth to the thirteenth day after transplantation. 2. Injections of colloidal copper given before the transplantation of the tumor lead to a weakening of the effect of injections given from the ninth to the thirteenth day after transplantation. 3. The same result can be obtained if we inject colloidal copper or hirudin into mice from the second to the sixth and from the ninth to the thirteenth day after transplantation, and use these tumors at the end of the series of injections for further transplantation into another set of mice; the developing tumors are more resistant to the action of colloidal copper or hirudin than new control tumors. 4. We may therefore conclude that the immunity has two sources: (a) it is based on changes taking place somewhere in the host organism; and (b) it is localized in the tumor cells themselves which transfer this immunity to the following generations of tumor cells. 5. The immunity acquired against colloidal copper does not protect noticeably against the action of hirudin, and vice versa. The immunity is therefore specific. 6. We discuss certain general conclusions which may be drawn from these experiments. We expect to test the validity of these results in further experiments.
Repeated injections of colloidal copper, hirudin, nucleoprotein, and casein, which have a definite retarding influence on tumor growth, given to mice during the process of wound healing do not produce any noticeable influence on the course of regeneration.
1. Gentian violet may be regarded as a true vital nuclear stain. 2. Embryonic and adult tissue of the frog will grow in vitro in the presence of gentian violet of a far stronger dilution than that necessary to kill many bacteria. In these experiments, for example, successful tissue growths were obtained when gentian violet 1 to 20,000 was used, yet Bacillus subtilis will not grow in 1 to 100,000 dilution and grows very badly in 1 to 1,000,000 dilution. This fact may simplify the technique of the growth of certain tissues by eliminating the risk of bacterial contamination. 3. The use of stains in the plasma in which tissue is grown will probably facilitate the study of nuclear growth. 4. Gentian violet appears to have a certain selective action on tissue similar to that exercised by the dye on bacteria. Certain observations made last year in this laboratory (too few to serve as more than a suggestion) seem to indicate that another dye (methylene blue) acted as a stimulant to the growth of connective tissue. These leads should be followed out and the effect of various stains studied in the hope of discovering dyes which will exercise a sharp selective action on growing tissue. 5. The growth of animal cells in a strength of dye much more than sufficient to kill many pathogenic organisms lends encouragement to efforts now being made in this laboratory to apply the observations on the bactericidal effect of gentian violet and allied stains to the treatment of disease. Moreover, the ability of growing cells to rid themselves of this dye would indicate that it may be possible to apply the dye to infected tissue and count on the cells to eliminate the material after its work had been done.
The cultivation of cells in vitro affords a valuable means of estimating the effects of tissue extracts. Tissue extracts have a definite effect upon the growth of adult mammalian cells in vitro. The majority of tissue extracts stimulate the growth of connective tissue, but liver extract inhibits it. The extracts are to a certain extent specific in their action upon the growth of parenchymatous cells. Some cells are stimulated by one extract and inhibited by another, and those extracts which inhibit one type of parenchymatous cell may stimulate another type. Homogenous and autogenous extracts are equally efficacious in their action upon the growth of cells. The extracts may be preserved for a short period of time without suffering any change in their power of affecting the growth of cells.
1. Besredka's living sensitized vaccine, given intravenously, does not produce a typhoid lesion of the gall bladder in the rabbit. 2. The first transplant of this vaccine is capable of producing this lesion. Hence this vaccine is not entirely safe to handle. 3. Regular infections of the gall bladder have not been produced by carrying a known pathogenic strain on rabbit blood agar, by successive passage through animals, or by the use of freshly isolated strains. 4. No evidence could be demonstrated in the rabbit of the immunity produced in man by vaccination with a whole killed vaccine. 5. Vaccine treatment did not cure the gall bladder lesion. 6. With the present methods of producing infections in the chimpanzee and the rabbit, neither of these animals is suitable for deciding the problems of the immunization of man by vaccines. These problems must be settled, as some of them already have been settled, by actual experience with large numbers of men kept under close observation.
1. Our experiments show that proteotoxin (anaphylatoxin) produced with typhoid bacilli and active guinea pig serum, by the general method of Friedberger, possesses aggressin-like action in that, when injected together with sublethal doses of bacteria, it renders them lethal. 2. This action is not specific, since even when typhoid bacilli are used in its production, the proteotoxin possesses this property not only for typhoid bacilli, but for staphylococci and prodigiosus bacilli, the only other organisms with which we worked. 3. This action is manifest in the experiment only when quantities of proteotoxin are used which can produce a certain degree of systemic poisoning. 4. It is not due to anti-opsonic action since the phagocytosis of staphylococci in the presence of active serum takes place readily in spite of the presence of relatively considerable amounts of the poison. 5. The aggressin-like action of the proteotoxin is probably due to the leucopenia that it causes. It is not likely that this leucopenia is dependent upon a negative chemotactic action, in the ordinary sense of this term, but it is probably due to the general intoxication of the animal, resulting among other things in the poisoning of those tissue elements which ordinarily react to infection with the mobilization of leucocytes in the circulation. It has seemed to us that the results of our experiments were of interest also in throwing some light on the general problem of virulence. The thought naturally suggests itself that Bail's so called aggressins were nothing more or less than proteotoxins, or anaphylatoxin. It has been shown by Friedberger and Nathan (3) that poisons of this description may be formed in the peritoneal cavities of animals, and if we examine the method by which Bail (4) prepared his aggressive exudates, it seems likely that they contained proteotoxins. Moreover, although Bail's aggressins are described as non-toxic in themselves, this is a discrepancy to which, it seems to us, no great weight need be attached in this connection, since the poisonous properties of the proteotoxins are clearly apparent only when considerable amounts, two to three cubic centimeters, are intravenously injected into young guinea pigs, and below this quantity a threshold is rapidly reached beyond which no visible reaction whatever is achieved. We have not yet, it is true, shown that animals may be immunized against bacterial infection by treatment with the proteotoxins, a result obtained by Bail with his aggressins. But we feel that the mere fact that tolerance to proteotoxin may be established, a phenomenon which has been the subject of an earlier paper, is a step in this direction. Further than this the analogy cannot be carried since we do not know as yet whether the proteotoxin tolerance is specific,-a fact which would be necessary in order to identify completely these substances with the substances studied by Bail. In view, however, of the many objections that have been voiced against this phase of Bail's work, and of the fact that a rapid accumulation of leucocytes is described as characteristic of aggressin immunity, it seems not unlikely that even in this aspect of the problem aggressin and proteotoxin may eventually be identified. It is probable, also, if we reason logically from the premises which our experiments supply, that the power of invasion of many microorganisms is intimately related to their ability to react with the active blood constituents of the infected animal. This has already been suggested in the work of Embleton and Thiele (5). If, indeed, the condition of bacterial anaphylaxis or hypersusceptibility depends upon the establishment of a balance between the injected bacterial antigen and the blood constituents, such that proteotoxins are formed, a supposition rendered probable by much recent work, then our experiments would tend to show that bacterial anaphylaxis implies, at the same time, a condition of lessened resistance to invasion by the bacteria (6). It may even be that generalized invasion, after localization, must await the striking of such a balance, an interval which, in the case of diseases like typhoid fever, may form a part of the incubation time. At the same time, in such diseases, the action of the proteotoxin would explain the leucopenia that accompanies the bacterial invasion. We do not, of course, expect to explain virulence in general by these phenomena. In the case of organisms like the pyogenic cocci, the pneumococcus, and some other bacteria, there is apparently another important element contributed in the resistance of the invader to direct reaction with the active serum constituents. In many of these organisms the slight extent or absence of serum lysis or even bactericidal action would point in this direction, and here the appearance of proteotoxin would be secondary in importance or possibly absent entirely until late in severe infections. The non-specificity of the aggressive action of proteotoxin goes far toward explaining the increased susceptibility to other, secondary infections apparent during the course of many cases of typhoid fever and in some other diseases. It should also have an important bearing on our understanding of mixed infections.
1. This method of determining the actual number of Purkinje cells present in a given area of cerebellum is practicable and of sufficient accuracy to make it another useful means of studying nerve cell activity. 2. In its application to clinical cases it is found that increasing nerve cell exhaustion is accompanied by increasing nerve cell disappearance, although it is recognized that theoretically complete nerve cell exhaustion could be present without nerve cell disappearance on account of the individual dying before phagocytic action could take place. 3. This disappearance of nerve cells corroborates the theories and observations made on phagocytosis of nerve cells, inasmuch as it shows that nerve cells disappear from the brain. 4. While there are too few cases to establish a normal actual Purkinje cell count, it is of interest to note that there were 16.6 per cent. fewer cells in the case with the maximum cell exhaustion (57 per cent.) than in the case of the normal man (2 per cent.).
1. Agglutinins are present in the blood of patients suffering from lobar pneumonia during some stage of the disease in a large percentage (73.8 per cent.) of the cases due to pneumococci belonging in groups I, II, and IV. 2. In most very severe and fatal cases agglutinins cannot be demonstrated, and it is probable that their absence during the later days of the disease may have unfavorable prognostic significance. 3. No agglutinins are demonstrable by the technique employed in the blood of patients suffering from infection with Pneumococcus mucosus (group III). 4. In certain cases agglutinins may be demonstrable for only one day, and in other cases they may persist for several weeks. 5. When agglutinins are demonstrable they usually appear at about the time of the crisis. 6. It has not been possible to demonstrate that treatment with immune serum has any effect on the appearance of agglutinins. 7. The agglutinins present in cases due to organisms of types I and II are always specific for the type of organism causing the infection. In certain cases the agglutination reaction may be more active or appear earlier when the homologous organism is employed than when other organisms of the group are used in the test. In cases due to organisms of type IV, the serum never causes agglutination of any organism except the homologous one.
1. Fragments of skin taken from the back of the leopard frog were cultivated in a mixture of plasma and muscle extract of the same species. 2. A few hours after explanation, processes of activity are seen to arise, which finally lead to the formation of a compact epithelial rim around the fragment of skin. 3. These epithelial cells undergo gradual transformation into a spindle-shaped type of cell; in this form they resemble the spindle cells which have been described as connective tissue cells. 4. The growth of a rim of tissue around the explanted fragments of skin may be ascribed principally to the activity of a basal layer of epithelial cells, the units of which first advance into the medium as compact membranes by means of the so called epithelial movement, but which later become separated from the compact membrane, and having assume a spindle form, spread according to the manner of connective tissue cells. 5. In contradistinction to this basal layer, the cells of an upper and middle layer of epithelium upon separation from the fragment of skin and isolation in the nutritive medium, remain completely inactive. 6. The connective tissue of frog skin, for reasons not yet completely established, does not participate in the production of the rim of cells, possibly for the reason that it was early surrounded by the epithelium and was thus prevented from sending out cells into the medium. 7. The transformation of the epithelial cells into a type of cells of the spindle form is a result of the changes in the physicochemical conditions brought about by the life in vitro, which become similar to the physicochemical conditions normally characteristic of connective tissue. 8. The final stage of the explanted fragments of skin is a hollow epithelial sphere (cystic stage) filled with connective tissue. 9. During the cystic stage the epithelium again shows its normal polar differentiation, as a consequence of the physicochemical conditions which now approach normal. 10. These conditions also permit of the shedding of cells in a vertical direction, although previously the production of cells in a horizontal direction had already become impossible.
1. A comparative study of the resting and regenerating epidermis of the rat, pigeon, and guinea pig shows the connection between the structure of the skin and the proliferating power of the epithelial cells. We may at present distinguish two types of epidermal cells: (a) cells with less proliferative energy (pigeon and rat), and (b) cells with a greater proliferative power (guinea pig); the former provides the element from which the type of a thin epidermis is built up, while from the latter the type of a thick epidermis develops. 2. The cell type with greater proliferative power in the normal skin shows also greater proliferative power during regeneration, and the regenerative stimulus causes approximately the same relative increase in the number and size of cells and nuclei in both kinds of skin during regeneration, provided that we base our determination of the number of mitoses on the same unit number of cells in both skins rather than on the same unit area. The absolute increase in the number of cells during regeneration is greatest in the type with the greatest proliferative power in the normal cell (guinea pig). 3. The number of mitoses and the size of cells and nuclei follow a similar curve in the different species during regeneration. They reach a maximum approximately on the 7th day; remain stationary or show some decline from the 7th day on until the time of the closure of the wound; following the closure a further fall takes place; but the figures remain higher than in the normal epidermis for a considerable period afterwards. There seems, therefore, to exist under the conditions of our experimentation a period of approximately 7 days, at the end of which the regenerative stimulus reaches its maximum effect. The closure of the wound represents probably an additional factor determining the curve of cell proliferation. Failure of the wound to close at an early date seems to make the decline in the number of mitoses sharp after the maximum has been reached. 4. The curve representing the thickness of living regenerating epithelium declines much more slowly than the curve representing cell size and number of mitoses. This indicates probably that even after closure of the wound some push of epithelial cell towards the center of the former wound continues to take place. 5. From the second day the additional growth of the epidermal tongue decreases in each successive period, if we use the length of the tongue at the beginning of each period as the unit of measurement. 6. Retraction and contraction of the wound are factors additional to epithelial movements and epithelial proliferation determining the closure of the wound.
It has been established that specific liver poisons (chloroform, phosphorus) which cause histological changes in the liver cells, decrease the liver excretion of phenoltetrachlorphthalein. Also vascular disturbances (Eck fistula, passive congestion) with or without histological evidence may cause a fall in the output of phthalein through the liver. Sufficient evidence has been brought forward to show that the phenoltetrachlorphthalein excretion is a valuable index concerning the functional capacity of the liver. Ether anesthesia for a period of two hours usually causes a depression in the phthalein curve during the twenty-four hours following the anesthesia. Paraldehyde in doses sufficient to give anesthesia and stupor for a few hours will give adefinite fall in phthalein excretion. Chloral and urethane usually cause a decrease in phthalein output when given in considerable amounts. Alcohol causes a drop in the phthalein curve when given in large doses sufficient to cause stupor for a few hours. The drop in phenoltetrachlorphthalein excretion is demonstrated in the twenty-four hours following administration of the drug. A drop in the phthalein curve to two-thirds or one-half of normal indicates a definite liver injury and temporary impairment of function.
We consider themost importantcontribution reported in this paper the fact that Treponema pallidum can be cultivated in fluid media, without the addition of agar, together with tissues sterilized by heat. This forms an excellent method of obtaining mass cultures for luetin preparation and immunological experimentation. We may add that while the tissue varieties employed have all stongly favored the growth of the treponemata, we have noticed especially active and motile cultures when lung and suprarenal tissues were employed.
1. The Abderhalden reaction is specific. 2. The properties of serum on which it depends develop in experimental animals simultaneously with antibodies during the process of immunization. 3. It is impossible to observe by direct methods the presence of digesting ferments in the blood of immune animals. 4. The Abderhalden test may be resolved into two phases. A dialyzable substance appears in the second phase and is the result of the autodigestion of serum. 5. The autodigestion of serum in the Abderhalden test is due to the removal of antitrypsin from the serum by the sensitized substratum.
1. Normal serum protease is not specific; it is active in both dilute acid as well as alkaline media. It is destroyed by heating to 70 degrees C. for thirty minutes. It is markedly impaired when heated at 56 degrees C. for thirty minutes. It is inhibited by the unsaturated soaps and lipoids. 2. Guinea pig and rabbit serum contain relatively much protease; the leucocytes are without proteolytic ferments. 3. Normal human and dog serum contain little or no protease; the leucocytes are strongly proteolytic. 4. Serum complement and protease are not identical. 5. During various pathological conditions the non-specific protease is increased in both human and dog serum. 6. An increase in antiferment is in many instances coincident. 7. During the Abderhalden reaction the placental tissue becomes more resistant to enzyme action, because of the adsorption of the antiferment from the serum. 8. The dialyzed serum loses antiferment because of adsorption by the placental tissue or other adsorbing substances, including probably the dialyzing membrane. 9. The digestive substrate is the serum protein made available for protease action by the adsorption of the antiferment. 10. The proteases in pathological conditions investigated by us (pregnancy, tuberculosis, and pneumonia) are non-specific.
1. Serum of various animals preserves the motility of nagana trypanosomes better and longer than salt solution. 2. To act best in this way the serum should not be diluted more than 2 to 4 times. Undiluted serum is perhaps best. 3. Serum filtered through a Berkefeld filter, bottled aseptically, and kept in the ice box preserves this activating property apparently undiminished for many months. 4. Serum preserves the motility of trypanosomes better than "Sals physiologicum" of Merck, and better than the Ringer solutions of Meltzer and Carrel. 5. Serum preserves the normal morphology of trypanosomes better than the Ringer solutions tested. 6. The infectiousness of trypanosomes suspended in cattle serum was preserved at room temperature for at least 8 days. 7. The vitality of the trypanosomes in serum was seemingly better preserved at room temperature than at ice box temperature. 8. Serum incubated with atoxyl does not transform it into a toxic substance. 9. Serum does not bind paraminophenylarsenoxyd, for trypanosomes suspended in serum are often immobilized more quickly by paraminophenylarsenoxyd than trypanosomes suspended in salt solution. 10. Serum is suitable for suspending trypanosomes for certain experiments in vitro, and with proper precautions may be employed for transporting virus from laboratory to laboratory.
1. 10 per cent. atoxyl in blood incubated at 37 degrees C. for 1 hour gives rise to a solution that is much more than ten times as toxic as a 1 per cent. solution of atoxyl similarly incubated. 2. When the comparison is made after incubation for 3 hours instead of for 1 hour, the toxicity of the 10 per cent. solution is but slightly greater than ten times that of the 1 per cent., provided the red blood corpuscles are not removed from the dilutions. 3. If the corpuscles are removed from both the 10 per cent. and the 1 per cent. atoxyl solutions immediately after incubation at 37 degrees for 1 to 3 hours, the dilutions of the 10 per cent. atoxyl are much more than ten times as toxic as the corresponding dilutions of the 1 per cent. atoxyl. 4. After incubation with atoxyl at 37 degrees for 1 to 3 hours, red blood corpuscles left at room temperature in dilutions made from the 10 per cent. and 1 per cent. solutions in blood increase markedly the toxicity of the dilutions made from the 1 per cent. atoxyl, but increase very slightly the toxicity of the dilutions made from the 10 per cent. atoxyl. 5. If one desires to produce a large amount of transformed atoxyl by incubating atoxyl in blood at 37 degrees for 1 to 3 hours, strong solutions of atoxyl should be chosen in preference to weaker solutions.
1. The transforming power of red blood cells for atoxyl is apparently uninfluenced by a preliminary heating of the blood for 30 minutes at 50 degrees C., but a temperature of 55 degrees C. acting for 30 minutes destroys this property of blood almost completely. 2. When the heating was for 60 minutes, 54 degrees C. and higher temperatures apparently destroyed all the transforming power. 3. After heating for 10 minutes, 70 degrees C. destroyed almost all the transforming power, and 100 degrees C. seemingly destroyed all. 4. Under the influence of certain temperatures blood seemingly binds transformed atoxyl, and under the influence of other temperatures frees it again. A temperature of 70 degrees C. for 10 minutes applied to blood subsequent to its incubation with atoxyl causes nearly all the toxicity of the solution to disappear. On the other hand, a temperature of 100 degrees C. for 10 minutes applied to blood subsequent to incubation with atoxyl leaves the solution almost as toxic as if the blood had not been heated at all after the incubation. 5. Some of the transformed atoxyl bound by blood when it is heated to 70 degrees C. for 10 minutes is freed if the heating at 70 degrees C. is prolonged to 30 minutes. See PDF for Structure 6. Blood which has bound transformed atoxyl gives up most, but not all, of this toxic substance when heated to 100 degrees for 10 minutes. All, or nearly all, is freed when the heating at 100 degrees C. is continued for 30 minutes. 7. Under the influence of 70 degrees C. for io minutes transformed atoxyl may be made to enter blood corpuscles, for the fluid above these corpuscles is rendered non-toxic and does not become toxic again when heated to 100 degrees for 20 minutes, provided it contains no laked blood. The blood corpuscles, on the other hand, when heated to 100 degrees for 20 minutes in contact with fresh salt solution, make this solution quite toxic. 8. Laked blood in contact with transformed atoxyl behaves like unlaked blood when heated to 70 degrees C. and to 100 degrees C. for 10 to 30 minutes. 9. The toxic substance can be concentrated by heating the blood corpuscles in contact with transformed atoxyl to 70 degrees C. for 10 minutes, centrifugalizing, removing a large part of the supernatant fluid, and then heating to 100 degrees C. for 30 minutes. 10. The power of blood to take up and bind transformed atoxyl is destroyed apparently completely by heating blood to 100 degrees C. for 10 minutes. 11. The toxic substance into which atoxyl is transformed (transformed atoxyl) is thermostabile, but the transforming agent in blood is thermolabile.
1. The administration of emulsions of the anterior lobe of the ox pituitary increases very markedly the rate of growth of the primary tumor in rats inoculated with carcinoma. The growth of small tumors is accelerated relatively more than that of large tumors. 2. This acceleration is only evidenced, however, at a certain stage in the growth of the tumor, subsequent to the twentieth day succeeding inoculation. The administrations do not enhance the tendency of the tumors to metastasize. 3. Liver emulsion does not cause an acceleration of the growth of carcinomata in rats.
1. Two principal types of gonococci may be recognized by suitable immunological tests; e. g., agglutination and complement fixation. These two types correspond to the adult and infant types of infection with the gonococcus, seen clinically. 2. On the basis of the immunological reactions of agglutination and complement fixation the strains of gonococci isolated from three cases of ophthalmia are classed with the adult type. 3. A polyvalent antigen for the serological diagnosis of a gonococcus infection should represent strains of the infant type of organism in order that both types of infection, infant as well as adult, may be recognized.
1. The production of lobar pneumonia in rabbits is dependent upon the introduction of organisms into the alveoli themselves. 2. In order to accomplish this the catheter through which they are injected must be inserted as deeply into a bronchus as possible and the culture fluid injected with considerable force. 3. Large numbers of organisms injected into the trachea just beyond the larynx set up no great changes in the lungs, even though the injection be forcible. This fact suggests the presence of a protective mechanism in the upper air passages, which, under normal conditions, prevents the penetration of organisms into the lungs. 4. If animals be subjected to cold, alcohol, and the inhalation of irritating gases, the so called secondary factors in the etiology of lobar pneumonia in man, then the injection of pneumococci into the trachea causes inflammatory changes of the upper respiratory tract and occasionally pneumonia. 5. The vagi prevent foreign material in the pharynx and upper respiratory tract from reaching the lungs. Section of one vagus may be followed by pneumonia, while section of both invariably leads to this result. 6. It is possible that the secondary factors mentioned above owe their action to their influence upon the vagus control of the upper respiratory tract.
1. Dead leucocytes are constantly found in the pneumonic exudate. They rapidly undergo disintegration. Up to the seventh day they do not form the majority of the cells of the exudate. 2. Polymorphonuclear leucocytes with vitally stained granules are present in the exudate, vessels, and interstitial tissue of the lung in experimental pneumonia, but they are not demonstrable in the general circulation in the same animals. 3. There is a marked impairment of the circulation in the pneumonic lung. 4. The increase in the intra-alveolar pressure exerted by the exudate has no influence upon the circulation. 5. The impaired circulation results from the wide distribution of capillary fibrin thrombi. In man these are, as a rule, distributed with relative uniformity. In the rabbit this is not usually the case. The thrombi are much more abundant in some areas and may lead to localized necrosis. 6. The impairment of the circulation is of importance in bringing about resolution. Only enough blood is allowed to seep through the vessels to nourish the alveolar walls. Consequently very little serum escapes into the alveoli and the autolysis of the exudate by the leucocytes is unhindered. 7. The impairment of the circulation in the pneumonic lung seriously interferes with the action of intravenous therapy upon the local lesion. 8. The exudate in the pneumonic lung can be readily impregnated with a dye injected intrabronchially. This suggests a method of administration of therapeutic agents in pneumonia.
Following the intravenous injection of an overwhelming dose of pneumococci in normal animals there is a rapidly increasing bacteriemia which reaches its maximum with the death of the animal. Immunized animals, whether the immunity is active or passive, whether the animals have their leucocytes, or whether these have been destroyed by benzol, react differently. They have incommon the ability to cause the organisms to decrease rapidly in number, and, as far as could be determined by the methods used, to disappear absolutely in a very short time from the circulation. This may be called the immediate reaction. In actively and passively immunized normal rabbits the disappearance of the organisms from the blood is followed by their destruction in the body and the ultimate recovery of the animal. This same result occurs also in actively immunized rabbits deprived of their polymorphonuclear leucocytes by benzol. On the contrary, in passively immunized rabbits, deprived of their leucocytes in the same way, the immediate disappearance of the organisms from the circulation is followed, after a lapse of from six to twenty-four hours, by a recurrent, gradually increasing bacteriemia and the death of the animal. It is evident that the immediate reaction is no index of the ultimate result. This finding, that the result of the intravenous injection of an overwhelming dose of pneumococci in immunized animals may be divided into two stages, immediate and ultimate, has been utilized in the interpretation of the experiments that have been reported above. 1. Normal Rabbits.-In the normal rabbit the injection of a lethal dose of pneumococci is followed by the same immediate and ultimate response. The animal develops a rapidly progressing bacteriemia and dies. 2. Passively Immunised Normal Rabbits.-A diametrically opposed finding is obtained when the animals are passively immunized. Then following the intravenous injection of pneumococci the organisms rapidly disappear from the circulating blood and the animal recovers. The only apparent difference between these two groups of experiments is the introduction of a relatively small quantity of immune serum. Tentatively, therefore, it may be concluded that the immune serum is responsible both for the immediate and ultimate reaction in this case. 3. Passively Immunized Aplastic Rabbits.-A normal rabbit that has been previously benzolized, and in this way deprived of its myeloid elements, can not be successfully immunized. Here the immune serum injected even in excessive quantities is followed by the immediate reaction, but the ultimate result is entirely different, -the animal dies. It may be concluded, therefore, that the serum is the potent factor in bringing about the immediate disappearance of the organisms from the circulation. Furthermore, it is evident that the white blood cells of the myeloid tissue are necessary in order that passively immunized animals may recover following the introduction of a lethal dose of pneumococci. So far it seems that two elements are essential in the immunity process; i. e., immune bodies and white blood cells. Corroborative evidence of the importance of the white blood cell in this reaction is offered by the hyperleucocytosis which follows the injection of antigen in actively immunized animals (Gay). This hyperleucocytosis occurs in actively immunized rabbits injected with pneumococci, after the organisms have disappeared from the circulation. It occurs at about the same time that the septicemia recurs in passively immunized aplastic rabbits. 4. Actively Immunized Aplastic Rabbits.-The experiments with actively immunized aplastic rabbits complicate the conception of the part of the white blood cells in the immunity process. When actively immunized, benzolized animals are injected with a lethal dose of pneumococci, the immediate reaction occurs just as in the passively immunized aplastic animal. Available antibodies are present and cause the disappearance of the organisms from the circulation. The ultimate reaction differs from that in the passively immunized aplastic animal. The latter develops a recurrent bacteriemia and dies. The actively immunized aplastic animal recovers. It would seem that the white blood cell is no longer necessary in an animal that has been actively immunized, but that it must be present for the passive protection of the animal. The ultimate reaction in immunized rabbits seems to be dependent upon some action of the white blood cells. In the passively immunized animal this may occur at the time of, or following, the immediate reaction; and if it can not occur, owing to the absence of the white blood cells, the animal subsequently dies. In the actively immunized aplastic rabbit this action has apparently occurred at a previous time and is sufficiently developed to protect the animal even though the leucocytes have been destroyed. It may be assumed that the function of the white blood cell is exercised not directly, but perhaps indirectly, by some influence exerted on other body cells. This interrelation or interaction between the white blood cells and other cells in the body constitutes a third factor essential to the ultimate protection of the animal. Additional evidence of this action of the white blood cell is furnished by further experiments with actively immunized aplastic rabbits. Several immunized rabbits were benzolized and then injected with a lethal dose of pneumococci. The results were the same as those indicated above. The organisms disappeared rapidly from the circulation and the animals recovered. An interval of five days was allowed to elapse and the animals were injected again with the same amount of pneumococci. This time the reaction was different. The organisms disappeared rapidly from the circulation, but there was a recurrent bacteriemia and the animals died. In these animals the favorable ultimate result after the first inoculation of a lethal dose of pneumococci probably depended upon the presence of the immune bodies and the third factor mentioned above. After the subsequent inoculation of pneumococci the immediate reaction was followed by the recurrence of the bacteriemia and the death of the animals. It may, therefore, be inferred that the third factor present at the time of the first injection had been destroyed, and, owing to the absence of white blood cells at the time of the subsequent inoculation, it was not formed again. It may be concluded that there are at least three elements necessary in the immunization process: (l) immune bodies, (2) white blood cells, and (3)a third factor which is dependent for its existence upon the presence of white blood cells at the time of inoculation of the pneumococci. Furthermore, this third factor may be removed if the animal is inoculated at a time when it is aplastic.
Decrease in coronary flow was the constant response of freshly isolated monkey hearts to epinephrin. These hearts were perfused with autogenous hirudinized blood diluted with Locke solution. The results were constant at high or low perfusion pressures, in beating or resting hearts, and with all adequate doses. Increased coronary flow was obtained constantly in rabbit hearts under identical conditions. In the light of previous work upon isolated human coronary arteries, the general conclusion is drawn that, while actively dilating the coronary vessels in the dog, cat, rabbit, ox, sheep, and pig, epinephrin constricts the coronary vessels in man and the monkey. The coronary arteries of the last two species are presumably supplied with constrictor nerves of true sympathetic (thoracicolumbar) origin.
A test is described for the estimation of antithrombin in the blood. The chief advantage of the test is that it is simple, and does not require the preparation of fibrinogen and of thrombin, which are difficult to prepare and to maintain in a pure state. The principle consists in titrating the antithrombin against normal human plasma; in this way we obtain an estimation of its power to delay coagulation. As the result of examinations carried out by this method, it would seem that there is a wide factor of safety as regards the amount of antithrombin in the human blood, and that this inhibiting substance may be increased to a considerable degree without markedly delaying or endangering clotting.
1. Different strains of Trypanosoma lewisi represent different states of biological balance, especially between the powers of propagation and resistance to destruction. 2. The biological status of a given strain of Trypanosoma lewisi is subject to cyclic variations as the result of immunological reactions in the blood of the host. 3. The factors limiting reproduction and causing destruction of Trypanosoma lewisi in the blood are appreciably independent of each other. It is possible, therefore, to influence these processes separately and even in opposite directions. 4. The virulence of Trypanosoma lewisi, manifested in its highest form, is dependent upon some degree of reproductive fastness, strong antigenic action, and susceptibility to destruction, varying degrees in the development of these properties producing corresponding variations in the degree of virulence. 5. By a properly regulated system of passage the properties of Trypanosoma lewisi that determine its infection cycle and its virulence may be eventually so altered as to change completely both the nature and course of the infection. Such a system of passage must be adapted to the particular strain of Trypanosoma lewisi used. 6. Immunological reactions exercise a dominant influence in determining the ultimate biological variations of Trypanosoma lewisi.
Throughout the investigations upon which a large part of this paper is based the favorable influence of milk feeding on mortality and growth was most apparent. Mortality from all causes was frequently reduced to at least one-half of what obtained among the chicks that received no milk, while the milk-fed chicks in some experiments gained twice as much in weight as those that were without this article of diet. Although the influence of milk feeding was less pronounced on the mortality of chicks that were artificially infected with Bacterium pullorum, quite an appreciable difference in mortality was always noted if the milk was fed at least one or two days before the first administration of the bouillon cultures of the organism in question. Practically the same results were obtained, whether sweet or sour milk was fed, and no differences could be observed in the relative value of ordinary sour milk and of the so called bulgaricus product. Hence, the unique properties of this food exist in the milk as such, rather than in any milk acids or milk bacteria that may be present. Milk and lactose diet exert a very important influence on the character of the intestinal bacteria, especially in white rats and in the common domestic fowl. Within a few days after the ingestion of milk or lactose a transformation of the flora takes place in which the usual mixed bacterial flora give way to ones that are more simplified, and in which Bacillus acidophilus and Bacillus bifidus are, as a rule, prominent. It is to be assumed that milk has this influence in virtue of the large amount of lactose which it contains. Other carbohydrates, besides milk sugar, failed to bring about such a transformation. The ingestion of foreign bacteria, even in large numbers, does not of itself bring about an elimination or displacement of the common intestinal microörganisms. Vastly more important is the influence of diet, especially milk and lactose. The feeding of Bulgara tablets or other preparations which contain as the supposedly active agent the bacillus of Metchnikoff and Mazé, without due regard to the use of milk, can, therefore, be of little, if indeed of any, value. The beneficial effects which it is claimed have been derived from the use of yoghurt, and other oriental sour milk products have in all probability been due to the milk as such, rather than to the bacteria which they contained. This view is strongly supported by the extensive milk feeding experiments on chicks which are recorded in this paper, and also by the results which show the influence of milk and of lactose feeding on the intestinal flora of white rats and of the common domestic fowl.
The addition of a water-clear extract of pneumococci to homologous antiserum produces a voluminous precipitate which carries down with it the agglutinins and practically the totality of the protective bodies against pneumococcus infection in animals. This precipitate when washed and resuspended in saline solution to the original volume of serum protects as well as the whole serum. The protein content of such solutions has varied from 0.09 to 0.34 per cent., as contrasted with about 6 per cent. in the original serum. The solution of this precipitate is not necessary to insure protection, and when produced by dilute alkali (sodium hydrate) frequently destroys the immune bodies.
1. Subcutaneous injections of benzol in rabbits produce marked destructive changes in the hematopoietic organs, especially in the myeloid tissue. 2. Benzol poisoning registers a change not only in the formed elements of the blood, but also in the factors of coagulation. 3. The circulating prothrombin is considerably reduced in amount and in most instances animals in which such a diminution occurs show aplasia of the bone marrow. 4. The association of extreme aplasia of the marrow without a fatal diminution in the circulating prothrombin suggests one of two possibilities: either other tissues and organs in addition to the bone marrow are concerned with prothrombin formation; or a minimum amount of myeloid tissue suffices to maintain the quantity of prothrombin above a dangerous level.
1. Proliferation of connective tissue in chronic uranium nephritis is early and progressive and due to a direct stimulation on the part of the uranium. 2. The hydronephrotic theory fails to explain the phenomena observed in the progress of the chronic nephritis. 3. Carmine is deposited, as shown by Suzuki, in the proximal convoluted tubule only, and in different amounts in different levels of this segment of the tubule, so that subdivisions may be made. 4. Regeneration begins about the fourth day, but varies in proportion to the dose of renal irritant given. 5. The first cells to appear are large vesicular elements, and there is a gradual development of syncytium-like masses and giant-cells. These last are due to the rapidity of cell division. 6. Small, deeply staining nuclei, which are morphologically identical with the newly regenerated cells described by Thorel and others, are present from the first day of the acute nephritis and are persisting renal cells which have been slightly affected by the toxic agent.
In living cultures of various kinds of adult frog tissues, which have been made according to the hanging drop method, there occurs, in many cases, a transformation of the plasma clot by which it becomes entirely changed from a typical fibrin net both in appearance and structure. The changes in the fibrin net generally begin when the culture is from two to three days old. During these changes it appears that the elements of the fibrin net fuse or consolidate, and as a result a great number of fine wavy fibrils are formed which unite to form wavy bundles of fibers, and these freely intertwine and anastomose as they ramify through the area of the plasma clot. The transformation of the fibrin net occurs first in the region of the clot which lies next to the imbedded tissue, gradually extends to the distal regions of the clot, and in time-as a rule in about two weeks-the entire plasma clot becomes changed from the fibrin net into a structure which to all appearances is identical with regular connective tissue. Photographs of both living and preserved cultures have been made to show the course of the transformation of the plasma clot and the development of the fibers. Experiments have been made which show that the fibers which are formed are not outgrowths of the imbedded tissue. Also they are not formed by an intracellular action, but arise directly by a transformation of the fibrin elements of the plasma clot. Experiments have been made which indicate that the transformation of the fibrin net will not occur unless it has come under the influence of living tissues or of living isolated cells. However, mechanical means, such as exerting tension on the clot with needles, may hasten the formation of the fibers. Also, in some cultures, movements of living isolated cells appear to aid in the formation of the fibers. The living tissues alone, however, are able to cause the fibers to form without the aid of any apparent mechanical factor. This is shown by cultures of various tissues in which no cell movement occurs and in which the plasma clot is undisturbed and yet a prolific formation of fibers may take place. Experiments have been made in order to determine the true nature of the transformed plasma clot and to see if the new fibrous tissue were still fibrin in character. The results that have so far been obtained from these tests have not been entirely conclusive and leave the question unsettled. The transformation of the fibrin net results in a shrinkage of the clot. It also becomes very tough and resistant to injury and, therefore, entirely different from the fragile and easily destroyed fibrin net when in its original condition. It is believed that such a reaction must play an important part in wound healing. A study of the relation between connective tissue fibers formed in wound healing and in embryonic development to the fibers formed in the plasma clot is being made, and the results will appear in a later paper.
1. The union of fresh serum of pregnant or immunized animals with the corresponding boiled protein (substratum) is accompanied by the formation of poisonous substances. 2. The poison originates from the serum as a result of its autodigestion, and not from the substratum. 3. The process of autodigestion may be determined by the specific or non-specific removal of the antitrypsin of the serum. 4. The poisons originating from the serum are toxic only for homologous animals. 5. The autodigestion of the serum, if allowed to proceed far enough, may go beyond the toxic stage. 6. The biological properties of these poisons indicate their close similarity to the anaphylatoxin, and suggest that the anaphylatoxin of Friedberger is a product of the autodigestion of serum, and not of the protein outside of the serum.
It is evident from this work and from the work of others that organisms having diphtheroidal morphology are wide-spread in their distribution in the human body. They are readily isolated from miscellaneous skin lesions, probably thriving better in pathological soils as saprophytes than in normal skin, although they can be obtained quite easily from the latter. Various strains can also be cultivated from the air, at least in this environment. Aside from the air and superficial parts of the human body, diphtheroids have frequently been isolated from the deeper regions. Hoag, working on general paresis and certain conditions of the lung, cultivated 199 diphtheroids, the majority of which were from the lungs and respiratory tract, also in some instances from the liver and spleen. He considered 146 of these isolations to be identical and classified them as organism x. Robertson, McRae, and Jeffry likewise in cases of dementia paralytica isolated what they considered an identical strain which was closely related to the Klebs-Loeffler bacillus, from the inflamed ileum, stomach, tonsils or pharynx, bronchi, lung, and brain. They differentiated their organism from Bacillus hoffmanni and Bacillus xerosis. The fact that these organisms have a somewhat unusual morphology, resembling as they do an organism of known pathogenicity, namely. Bacillus diphtherioe, should form no basis for assuming that they, too, are apt to possess these qualities. When we consider the number of simple bacillary contaminators analogous to such organisms as Bacillus anthracis, Bacillus typhosus, etc., we can readily see how frequently this occurs. The majority of the diphtheroids isolated by us stai??? by Gram's method; nearly all fail to resist the standard acid-fast methods, although use of the very low strengths of mineral acids allows the fixed stain to remain in whole or in part. There is consequently nothing unique in their tinctorial properties. These bacillary strains differ considerably in their powers of cultivation. While the majority grow readily upon the ordinary laboratory foodstuffs, others require special products for their growth and still others cannot be grown even where special effort has been made. The fact that many strains grow slowly no doubt enhances their consideration as disease producers, as it seems to argue their difficult adaptation from their preëxisting site to an artificial environment. This reasoning does not apply when we consider the numerous causal agents that can so readily be cultivated directly from the diseased tissue, and again the fact that many saprophytes in their natural habitat are incapable of growth in vitro (figure 1). The most striking of the biological features of these cultures is their wide range of pigment production. While many are white or creamy white, the majority range from a canary yellow to a distinct crimson, and one of the cultures recovered from a leper was a very deep dusky red or garnet. Numerous combined shades of yellow and pink, including such colors as salmon and orange, were present. Some cultures were distinctly pink, others varied in depth of color to a crimson. While many cultures of identical colors were obtained, the majority of strains showed some slight variance of shade. While, of course, the inoculation of diphtheroidal cultures produces varying degrees of localized inflammation if employed in sufficient dosage, probably for the two-fold reason of acting as a foreign body and liberating proteolytic substances, still the diphtheroids isolated in the past have never been able to reproduce the clinical picture of the various diseases from which they were cultivated. The apparent reproduction of lesions in general paresis, in hepatic cirrhosis, and in leprosy does not form an ultimate postulate for the acceptance of organisms as specific etiological entities. This is evidenced by the fact that certain known saprophytic organisms when used as controls are capable of producing the same results. It seems clear that organisms as broadly distributed as the diphtheroids should be suspected as contaminators when met in experiments bearing upon etiology. They should be viewed primarily in the same light as the staphylococcus and the various known contaminating bacteria. It is apparent that this type of organism has been regarded too much from the standpoint of pathogenicity. It is, of course, probable that among this large group there may be a few pathogenic types.
The ordinary virus of poliomyelitis present in aseptically removed brain tissue of paralyzed monkeys survives in an ascitic fluid kidney medium at the temperature of 37 degrees C. for a period of at least twenty, but not of thirty days. Under the conditions of moderate anaerobiosis, the minute microorganism cultivated from poliomyelitic tissues tends not to develop in cultures from the brain tissue; hence its presence does not complicate the survival test. The diffusion of the ordinary poliomyelitic virus from a noncomminuted fragment of brain tissue into a surrounding medium of ascitic fluid is so slight as not to be detectable by inoculation experiments conducted with usual quantities of the fluid. The specific effects of the microörganism cultivated from poliomyelitic tissues are not caused by an admixture in the cultures of the ordinary virus of poliomyelitis; hence they must be caused by the pathogenic action of the microörganism itself. The minute microörganism is therefore to be regarded as the specific microbic cause of epidemic poliomyelitis.
Antidysenteric serum can be safely prepared in the horse by the method of three successive intravenous injections of living cultures or toxin with intervening rest periods of seven days. When this method of immunization is employed, the specific antibodies responsible for agglutination and protection appear early and rise rapidly. By inoculating alternately living dysentery bacilli belonging to the Shiga and Flexner groups a polyvalent serum of high titer may be prepared. A polyvalent serum so produced should be suitable for the therapeutic treatment of acute bacillary dysentery, irrespective of the particular strain or strains of the dysentery bacillus causing the infection. An effective antidysentery serum suitable for therapeutic employment in man can be prepared in the horse in about ten weeks.
1. Pronounced cases of Barlow's disease may be produced in the fetus as early as ten to fifteen days after the commencement of dieting pregnant guinea pigs with oats and water. There are wide individual variations. The scorbutic changes in the skeleton are greatest in the earlier embryonic stages. The fetuses of that period, with practically no exceptions, die and show marked traces of impeded growth. 2. Fetuses from the later period of pregnancy are born alive, and apparently fully developed, with comparatively slight changes in the osseous system. 3. Even a short extension of the period of extra-uterine dieting on milk from scorbutic mothers and later on oats and water is sufficient to change the latent scurvy into a highly pronounced case. 4. The fetus cannot be kept alive longer than the adult animal, about twenty-eight days, either by intra-uterine dieting alone or by combined intra- and extra-uterine dieting. 5. The mothers show signs of disease at an early period, and are more severely attacked than non-pregnant animals. Death also occurs comparatively often in the first period of gestation.
Vaccine virus freed from all associated bacteria by means of suitable disinfecting agents can be propagated in a pure state in the testicles of rabbits and bulls. The virus cultivated in this manner is not only devoid of all bacteria, but appears capable of indefinite transfer from one animal to another. Sixty passages in rabbits of a pure strain have been made within one year. Several transfers from testicle to testicle are required to bring about accurate adaptation of the virus to the testicular parenchyma, so that continued propagation in this way can be certainly secured. During the first transfers from testicle to testicle the activity of the virus may be less than the original skin specimen from which the pure strain was derived; but as the transfers proceed the activity rises until, when the adaptation is complete, the activity of the testicular equals that of the skin strain. The multiplication of the virus within the testicle is maximum on the fourth or fifth day after inoculation; the quantity of virus remains about stationary until the eighth day, when diminution begins. At the expiration of five weeks no more virus could be detected in the testicle. The vaccinal processes in the skin, cornea, and testicle of rabbits are practically identical whether the virus employed for the inoculation has been the original skin strain or the pure testicular strain; and the skin lesions produced in the calf with the two strains are also identical. In conformity with the finding mentioned in the last paragraph it has been found that human beings react to the pure testicular strain of vaccine virus in an entirely typical manner. In the case both of original vaccination and revaccination the vaccinal effects cannot be distinguished from those arising from uncomplicated skin virus. Pure strains of testicular virus are readily produced, and once secured they may be propagated in a pure state by the method described in rabbits or bulls without difficulty and with economy. The pure strains thus obtained should supply an ideal form of virus for employment in the vaccination of human beings.
By feeding to rats the tissue of the mouse chondroma they are rendered more suitable as hosts for the growth. Using this method rats have been inoculated successfully with the mouse tumor and it has been transferred to three successive series of these animals.
Arsenic and arsenious acids, cacodylic acid, atoxyl, and neosalvarsan fail to influence markedly the growth of the Rous chicken sarcoma.
It has been shown by our experiments that the serum of rabbits treated with emulsions of Treponema pallidum contains agglutinating substances. Normal rabbit serum also possesses agglutinating power for this organism, but, as in the case of normal bacterial agglutinins, to an extent very much inferior to that possessed by the sera of immunized animals. Normal human sera will agglutinate similar pallidum emulsions, as will the sera of certain syphilitic patients with positive Wassermann reactions. Whether or not there is a quantitative difference of diagnostic value between the sera of normal human beings and those of syphilitics remains to be seen. The sera of rabbits immunized with strain A agglutinate Noguchi's strain 9 in dilutions as high as 1 to 500. We regard as the most important result of these experiments the demonstration of definite antibodies in the circulation of animals treated with dead emulsions of Treponema pallidum. Since it is our belief that the agglutinating effect is due to an antibody essentially the same as that which produces bactericidal, precipitating, and opsonic effects, i. e., that there is probably one type of antibody only, we believe that the demonstration of agglutinins establishes the fact that in syphilis as in bacterial diseases the host responds by the formation of antibodies or sensitizers specific for the treponema. Spirocheticidal experiments with these sera, both in vitro and in vivo, are in progress.
1. The malarial parasite is extracellular throughout its entire life cycle; that is, when it is not free in the blood serum, it is attached to the external surface of the red corpuscle. 2. Adult parasites follow the same procedure in attaching themselves to the outer surface of the red corpuscles as do the young parasites. 3. Adult parasites are most frequently seen attached to surface corpuscular mounds. 4. Corpuscular mounds projecting at the periphery of the red corpuscles and encircled by the pseudopodia of adult parasites, are proof positive of the extracellular relation of the adult parasite to the red corpuscle. 5. Adult parasites attached to peripheral corpuscular mounds are only found in appreciable numbers when the red corpuscles are not badly damaged, so that the mounds show more or less hemoglobin content. 6. The nuclei or protoplasm of adult parasites extending beyond the periphery of the red corpuscles is additional evidence of the extracellular relation of the parasites to the red corpuscle.
It has been shown in this investigation that digitalis, administered orally to patients, can modify the T wave in the electrocardiogram. When the T wave in the initial curve is directed upward, the first change noticed is a lowering, and the final change is an inversion of the wave. It is not only the wave itself, but that portion of the curve between the end of R and the end of T which is involved. Instances in which the initial T waves have other than upright forms are described and their behavior under the influence of digitalis has been indicated. This influence of digitalis on the T wave may be detected in thirty-six to forty-eight hours after the administration of digitalis has commenced; it may persist as long as twenty-two days after the administration has been stopped. Instances where it persisted only five days have been encountered. The unexpected length of duration of the sign probably explains why a second treatment with digitalis requires a smaller amount of the drug to produce the same effect, than the first.
While preliminary treatment with culture filtrates or dead cells of the extremely virulent strain A gave rise to varying degrees of immunity, the exudative lung lesions developing after tracheal injection with live organisms of the same virulent strain were not strikingly increased in any group or series of these rabbits. Despite carefully graduated dosage in the preliminary treatment, none of the animals developed symptoms of a definitely anaphylactic nature. In similar experiments following sensitization with the attenuated avirulent culture AA, tracheal injection of virulent or avirulent organisms of the same strain failed to incite any definite increase in the exudative lung reaction. In none of the rabbits were symptoms resembling anaphylaxis noted. The immunity which was induced by the larger sensitizing doses of culture filtrates of the strain in the virulent state was lacking when similar doses of the culture filtrates of organisms in the non-virulent state were used. Extensive lesions developed in both sensitized and unsensitized rabbits when the strain used in the tracheal injection was one apparently combining moderate virulence with exceptional toxicity, indicating that the exudative lung reaction was one of adjustment rather than of acquired hypersusceptibility. When, in the experiments, small amounts of sera from normal rabbits, or from animals immunized to culture filtrates, were added to the culture before tracheal injection, an increased fibrinous lung reaction was frequently found. The present study would seem to give some ground for the view that while in pneumonia a hypersensitive condition probably takes some part in the inception of the infection, the subsequent development of the diffuse exudative reaction in the lung is not directly due to an acquired hypersusceptibility, but to intrinsic qualities possessed by the pneumococcus itself. This study was carried on in the Department of Bacteriology of the College of Physicians and Surgeons of Columbia University, New York, and later, through the courtesy of Dr. Charles Norris, in the Bellevue Hospital Laboratories. It was completed in the Laboratories of the New York State Department of Health at Albany. I am greatly indebted to Dr. Augustus Wadsworth for his advice and criticism.
In the study of the human cortex it seems well to follow the same primary divisions for the entire cortex, while in certain areas some layers may assume certain modifications; viz., in the area striata it seems clearer to retain the sixth layer ground type, of which the fourth is subdivided into three secondary layers. The visual cortex, on account of its relation to the act of seeing, is an especially interesting field for study. About the calcarine fissure one can readily see with the naked eye a stripe of white fibers lying in the gray substance, called stria of Gennari or of Vicq-d' Azyr. This layer is considered by Brodmann in the second subdivision of the fourth primary layer. The two most characteristic types of the cortex are the giant pyramid type, called area gigantopyramidalis, and the calcarine type, called area striata. The higher types of mammals afford excellent material for comparison. Minkowski's experimental study of the dog indicates that the clinical, anatomical visual sphere is covered with the cytoarchitectonic sphere; for lasting visual trouble can be caused only by extirpation of the area striata. The subcortical visual center in mammals undergoes secondary degeneration through destruction of the area striata, and therefore depends on the cortex. Also certain parts of the corpus geniculatum externum have an exact projection over certain areas of the cortex.
Some strains of Bacillus proteus obtained from human lesions are pathogenic for rabbits, rats, and guinea pigs. There is good evidence that these strains are also pathogenic for man. All cultures obtained from sources other than human infections were non-pathogenic for the laboratory animals. A non-pathogenic culture may be made pathogenic by the use of aggressins or by inoculation into the anterior chamber of the eye. Proteus cultures lose their virulence rapidly when grown on artificial media. The lesions produced in animals are either simple abscesses, proliferative lesions, or a mixed exudative and proliferative lesion. The proliferative lesions consist mainly of epithelioid cells apparently of connective tissue origin. No giant-cells of the Langhans type are present. The histological type of the lesion does not depend upon the strain employed. Neither does it bear any relation to the clinical severity of the case. The ability to produce the characteristic lesions has no necessary connection with the toxicity of the bacteria. The proteus bacteria probably play a more important part in human pathology than is generally believed.
1. Ethylhydrocuprein hydrochloride in very high dilution inhibits the growth of, and in 18 hours kills, representatives of all four groups of pneumococci in vitro. The killing effect is generally seen in somewhat lower dilutions than the inhibiting effect. No constant or considerable difference is seen in these actions on representatives of the four groups of the pneumococci. The action of ethylhydrocuprein hydrochloride on the pneumococci in vitro is so strongly specific that it may possibly be used as a test for a true pneumococcus. 2. The inhibitory or killing effects of ethylhydrocuprein hydrochloride in vitro on bacteria other than pneumococci are slight or absent. The effects are greater on streptococci than on any other organisms examined, but are still much less than on the pneumococci. This action distinguishes between the streptococcus group, including Streptococcus mucosus sometimes found in normal mouths, on the one hand, and the true pneumococcus (including Pneumococcus mucosus), on the other. 3. Quinine hydrochloride inhibits the growth of, and kills the pneumococcus in vitro; much stronger concentrations, however, are necessary than in the case of ethylhydrocuprein. This effect of quinine hydrochloride is also seen on other organisms, but in a less degree. 4. Ethylhydrocuprein (optochin base) has a well marked protective action against experimental pneumococcal infection in mice in the case of type strains of all four groups of pneumococci; this protective action may be efficient against many multiples of the minimum lethal dose.
The subdural injection of normal salt solution, normal serum, serum salvarsanized in vivo or weak solutions of cyanide of mercury does not demonstrably increase the permeability of the spinal cord or brain for salvarsan which is circulating in the blood at the time of the subdural injection.
1. In rabbits transient and also permanent enlargements of the heart occur as the result of the intravenous injection of adrenalin, spartein and adrenalin, diphtheria toxin, and streptococci. 2. Transient and permanent enlargements of the heart to the left are associated with decrease in the size of the upwardly directed waves of the Q, R, S group in Lead II of the electrocardiograms and increase in the downwardly directed. Transient enlargement to the right is associated with changes in the opposite direction. 3. The stages in the process of enlargement have been observed and are associated with gradual changes in the size of these waves. 4. A diminution in the size of all the waves of the Q, R, S group was observed in degenerative conditions of the heart muscle. 5. Extreme degeneration of the structures of the heart was associated with slowing of the heart's action, lengthening of conduction time (P-Q), and lengthening of the time occupied by the individual waves of the electrocardiogram. 6. Ectopic ventricular contractions were seen in rabbits injected intravenously with suspensions of living streptococci.
1. There are cases in which epithelial cell inclusions may alone be present in the conjunctival smears. In such cases no other pathogenic organisms, such as the Koch-Weeks bacillus or the pneurnococcus, can be demonstrated in smears or cultures. 2. The conjunctiva can become simultaneously infected with the inclusion bodies and Koch-Weeks bacilli or other organisms. 3. In cases of acute or subacute conjunctival inflammations due to mixed infections the clinical features of each infection may be present. The course of the inflammation is, however, more prolonged. 4. Within recent years, the Koch-Weeks bacillus has only seldom been found in our routine examinations. 5. The epidemic studied was of a severe type. 6. Clinically it is practically impossible to distinguish pneurnococcal conjunctivitis from the Koch-Weeks conjunctivitis. Bacteriological examination of smears and cultures is the only means by which the etiological diagnosis can be definitely established. 7. Conjunctivae of certain species of monkeys are susceptible to the von Prowazek inclusion bodies, but not to the hemoglobinophilic bacilli isolated from cases of epidemic conjunctivitis. 8. The injection of conjunctival scrapings containing the von Prowazek cell inclusions into the testicles of rabbits produces no cell inclusions in the latter, while the injection of a pure culture of the hemoglofcinophilic bacilli causes an acute inflammation accompanied by numerous clumps of the organisms, simulating the von Prowazek bodies at certain stages of their evolution. 9. There exists an apparent morphological similarity between the degenerated forms of this variety of the hemoglobinophilic bacilli and the cell inclusions, both in cultures and in experimental orchitis in the rabbit. But, as a rule, the elementary bodies of the latter are much smaller and more sharply defined than the smallest granules of the former, while the initial bodies are bigger, more intensely stainable, and less definite in their contour than the hemoglobinophilic bacilli found in the infected conjunctivae.
Four dogs have been subjected to metabolism studies before splenectomy and at intervals of three days to three months after splenectomy. In three of the four animals the removal of the spleen was not followed by any disturbances of nitrogen metabolism, fat utilization, or iron elimination. Two of these animals showed no anemia, and the third only a slight reduction in hemoglobin and number of red cells. A fourth animal, studied ten days and three months after splenectomy, developed eventually a definitely progressive anemia of moderate severity. This animal showed a slight loss of weight, a slight disturbance of nitrogen balance, and of creatine-creatinine partition, with a marked increase in the elimination of iron. We conclude therefore that the spleen has no important influence on metabolism, and that the disturbances occurring in one of our dogs were due to the coexisting anemia and not to the absence of the spleen.
1. We have confirmed the results of previous workers on tetrachlorphthalein, fibrinogen, and lipase. 2. The total non-protein nitrogen, urea, and amino-acids of the blood serum show a definite and sometimes marked increase in phosphorus poisoning. These changes are not so evident in chloroform poisoning, although they sometimes occur. They are usually terminal phenomena. 3. The urinary nitrogen partition between the urea, ammonia, and amino-acids is not always disturbed. The most important changes which occur are an increased amino nitrogen in chloroform and phosphorus poisoning, and a very low urea nitrogen percentage in severe fatal chloroform poisoning. 4. Sugar tolerance towards galactose and levulose is in general markedly decreased in both types of poisoning. 5. In phosphorus poisoning liver functional changes can and do occur without concomitant renal changes. Renal insufficiency usually arises as a terminal event. 6. Increased nitrogenous products in the blood (total non-protein nitrogen, urea, and amino nitrogen) are associated with an increase of these bodies in the urine. Consequently, an increased protein catabolism, as well as renal insufficiency, is necessary to explain this accumulation. 7. A terminal acidosis, as evidenced by increased hydrogen ion concentration in the blood, usually occurs.
The intoxication which is developed when splenectomized mice are fed with fresh spleen is more regular in occurrence when the feeding experiment is carried out four or five days after splenectomy than when it is done at later periods. The intoxication is easily recognizable even in its less severe forms by a lengthening of the coagulation time of the blood. An intoxication of the same character is produced when splenectomized mice are fed with the mucous membrane of the stomach and upper small intestine. Bone marrow and dried blood probably give the same reaction in a somewhat milder form. The other organs either give no intoxication at all when fed, or in certain instances the thyroid, adrenal, and salivary gland (mouse) give intoxications of a different character which affect intact mice and splenectomized animals equally. The spleen or the gastro-intestinal mucosa is equally effective in producing the intoxication, whether it be derived from heterologous or homologous species. Certain experiments, not reported in detail, indicate that the susceptibility to the intoxication disappears in time and that this time may be shortened by repeated feedings with sublethal amounts of organ substance.
Experiments are reported which show that in all probability the increased resistance to tuberculous infection which is imparted to mice by the removal of the spleen is a consequence of the loss of a function of the organ. This function can be restored by the feeding of fresh spleen. For the present we attribute these changes to the removal and restoration, as the case may be, of a particular substance for which the designation tuberculosplenatin is suggested. This substance is assumed to be related to the spleen as adrenalin is related to the adrenal gland. It is peculiar to the organ but not to the species. It is not found in other organs of the body so far as our observations have extended. The absence of the substance from the lymphatic glands seems of especial importance in this connection.
A method of measuring the rate of excretion of urea, in terms of the normal, as presented in a preceding paper, has been applied to the study of diseased conditions and of the action of drugs. Simultaneous observations on chloride excretion have been made by comparing the concentration of chlorides actually found in the plasma with the theoretical amount, calculated from the rate of excretion. Observations made in this way have been found applicable to the study of various diseased conditions.
1. A single small dose of ethylhydrocuprein (optochin base), which by itself has practically no protective effect against experimental pneumococcal infection in mice, is capable of increasing the threshold value of the type homologous antipneumococcus serum at least fifty times. 2. This effect is proportionately many times greater than a simple summation of the protective effects of these two bodies. 3. No such effect is obtained when the antiserum used is one produced against a strain of pneumococcus from a group other than that to which the infecting pneumococcus belongs.
1. The serum ferments are practically unaltered by a primary injection of foreign protein. 2. During the course of sensitization the injection of the antigen is followed by the mobilization of a non-specific protease which increases in rapidity and intensity as the maximum period of sensitization is reached. 3. Acute shock is accompanied by: (a) The instantaneous mobilization of a large amount of non-specific protease; (b) a decrease in antiferment; (c) an increase in non-coagulable nitrogen of the serum; (d) an increase in amino-acids; (e) a primary decrease in serum proteoses. 4. Later there is a progressive increase in the non-coagulable nitrogen, in proteoses, and in serum lipase. 5. The acute intoxication is brought about by the cleavage of serum proteins (and proteoses) through the peptone stage by a non-specific protease. 6. The specific elements lie in the rapid, mobilization of this ferment and the colloidal serum changes which bring about the change in antiferment titer.
In autoplastic transplanted nerves a degenerative process occurs which resembles the ordinary Wallerian degeneration, but appears a little more slowly than the latter. The cells of Schwann are in a condition of survival and are capable of multiplication after the transplantation. In homoplastic transplanted nerves I have found a degenerative process resembling a Wallerian degeneration, somewhat delayed. The cells of Schwann multiply, and for some time at least are in a condition of survival. After twelve to fourteen days an abundant and increasing immigration of lymphocytes is observed, and from the eighteenth day the cells of Schwann develop a necrobiotic appearance. In heteroplastic transplanted nerves numerous myelin ovoids are formed during the first four to five days, but there is no proliferation of the cells of Schwann, and no Wallerian degeneration is seen. The graft becomes necrotic within about two weeks. The formation of ovoids that occurs during the first four to five days after the performance of the heteroplastic transplantation does not reveal the condition of the life of the graft. This formation of myelin ovoids is found in the nerve fibers when they have been kept in an incubator for twenty-four hours in Ringer solution (Nageotte(12)) or in homologous or heterologous serum, but it is not found in the fibers after their incubation in isotonic salt solution (Nageotte), the presence of calcium being necessary for the occurrence of ovoid formation. Heteroplastic transplanted nerves become necrotic. They are unsuitable for bridges in cases of nerve defects, and my results explain the failure of the attempts at heteroplastic transplantation of nerves in human beings. If we wish to bridge a nerve defect by implantation we must use autoplastic or homoplastic grafts. The occurrence of a Wallerian degeneration in these grafts during the first two to three weeks after the transplantation should make bridging a promising operation; for in this period the grafts resemble the peripheral part of a divided nerve and must be assumed to be capable of regeneration, and thus are very different from dead material. I have studied the process of regeneration, and shall communicate in a future article my results of bridging defects, which are encouraging as far as the function is concerned. My results with homoplastic transplantation of nerves have a bearing on the homoplastic transplantation of limbs, which has been successfully performed in dogs by Carrel. None of his dogs lived long enough to show any function of the transplanted leg. The practical value of this operation is dependent, of course, upon the return of function, and especially on the regeneration of the nerves in the transplanted leg. The results with homoplastic transplantation of nerves seem to indicate the possibility of a regeneration of the nerves in a homoplastic transplanted leg.
1. The placental blood film examination is worthy of routine application wherever aestivo-autumnal malaria is endemic. This type of malaria when associated with labor and the early days of the puerperium can be more easily and certainly diagnosed by the use of this film and a polychrome stain than by employing the usual films made from the mother's peripheral blood at the time of labor. The placental film in such an infection offers an abundance of adult parasites and far more evidence of the presence of pigment, while the peripheral blood film frequently offers but a scant number of the small ring or discoid forms of a parasite. The examination of the present series revealed positive placental films in nineteen cases, while but eight of these same cases were positive in the peripheral blood film examination. On the other hand, no peripheral blood films were found positive in which the associated placental films did not reveal a far more abundant evidence of the infection. 2. The early days of the puerperium can by this method be protected many times from a malarial outburst, and, as a rule, puerperal sepsis can be differentiated. 3. The intricate vascular architecture of the mature placenta rivals that of the spleen, liver, and bone marrow as a harbor for adult malarial parasites of this type and as a storage for pigment. 4. The localization of parasites in the placenta is unique. Here is the one vascular system which particularly favors the development of the parasites but which at the same time is so situated that it may be spontaneously discarded by the body at the climax of the attack. By this simple act late in pregnancy the prognosis for both mother and child may be improved. 5. The pregnant state encourages attacks of malaria by lowering bodily resistance and by furnishing an additional harbor for the development of parasites. A tenable theory in regard to most attacks of this nature, occurring in cases under professional care, would appear to be the development of latent malaria (malarial carriers) into acute attacks toward the close of the pregnant state. The women who expose themselves (as the negroes in this series) offer favorable conditions to the introduction of a primary infection. Malaria frequently interrupts the late stages of pregnancy and sometimes causes the death of the mother and the fetus, more often the latter. The records at Ancon indicate that it more frequently exerts a harmful influence than other types of infectious diseases in this locality. 6. Most of the children in this series that were delivered while malaria was present in the mother, were of a race that seems to possess a relative immunity to the ravages of malaria. This may account for the fact that the negro fetus more nearly approximates the full term of development when associated with this disease and is comparatively subjected to a less number of the accidents of pregnancy. Many of them revealed evidence of prematurity and were jaundiced, but, as a rule, they developed rapidly. The commonest mishap is miscarriage late in pregnancy. Occasional still-births occur and sometimes there is a fatal issue to both the mother and child. 7. Cases diagnosed as congenital malaria probably indicate that some accident occurred to the placenta, because it practically never happens that fetal blood is positive at the time of birth, regardless of the degree of infection in the mother. Many of the cases now reported in the literature as congenital malaria suggest immediate postnatal infection as their history, as our pathological and clinical records testify. 8. The size of the intervillous spaces of the placenta and their adaptability in the localization of parasites seem to disprove to a certain extent the old idea that the localization depends on the smallness of the capillary caliber. If this were the case the brain should be more often the seat of an extensive localization than the spleen, bone marrow, and placenta, yet our anatomical records will not support that theory. A sluggish blood sinus with a large endothelial surface, a higher internal body temperature, and red blood cells burdened with parasites of a certain age beyond the ring form seem to be important factors in the localization and development of the aestivo-autumnal parasite. 9. The racial disparity of malarial infections shown in this series is believed to be due to local conditions and a wrong impression is apt to be given by our statistics in regard to the relative immunity of the negro race. The white women on the Canal Zone avail themselves of all the opportunities the sanitary system affords; they live well and place the entire course of their pregnant state under competent professional care, while the negro woman is indifferent to her pregnant state, works as a domestic servant, and lives in the cheapest unprotected quarters that can be rented in the suburban divisions of Panama City where the malarial rate is highest and the sanitary control is difficult. It should be noted that these negro women can carry an infection with little manifestation of its presence that would produce serious results in the white women brought from the temperate zone regions of Europe and the United States.
Influenza bacilli isolated from various pathological processes in man differ widely in pathogenic power for animals, especially rabbits. While the cultures derived from the leptomeninges and blood, and rarely from the pneumonic lung are pathogenic, those generally derived from the respiratory tract exhibit little or no virulence for rabbits. The two types of cultures as indicated by virulence for animals do not differ in kind, but only in degree, in relation to the serological tests of agglutination, complement deviation, and opsonification. The two types of cultures do, however, differ with respect to their ability to undergo autolysis. While the virulent cultures autolyze almost completely, yielding a turbid supernatant fluid and little sediment, the non-virulent cultures give rise to an abundant sediment and a clear supernatant fluid. The non-virulent cultures incite far less antibody production in rabbits. Hence, rabbits inoculated with non-virulent strains yield sera possessing low antibody content. Conversely, rabbits inoculated with virulent strains yield sera possessing a higher content of antibody. In keeping with and possibly because of the low antibody content of the sera of rabbits inoculated with the non-pathogenic strains, the rabbits so treated are not, as a rule, protected against subsequent inoculation with virulent strains. . Influenza bacilli therefore vary in pathogenic effect both for man and animals, but they are not distinguishable by means of serological reactions into different types. Apparently all influenza bacilli belong to one class or race irrespective of origin or virulence.
An active antipneumococcus serum causes agglutination of pneumococci in vitro and in vivo. The antiserum acts in far greater dilution in causing agglutination as determined by the microscopic than by the macroscopic test. The antiserum when injected into the circulation of rabbits suffering from pneumococcus bacteremia causes a rapid disappearance of the diplococci from the blood. This disappearance is brought about by instantaneous clumping of the diplococci in vivo and the removal of the clumps by the liver, spleen, lungs, and possibly other organs.
The treatment of pneumococcic septicemia in the rabbits by large doses of immune serum is detrimental, since the serum causes the formation of large clumps of bacteria in the blood which are taken out chiefly by the vessels of the lungs in which they accumulate and impede the circulation. The large doses of serum are also detrimental when they follow upon small ones through which the small clumps formed are deposited in the spleen, liver, and other organs. In this instance, the large amount of serum leads to the destruction of the pneumococci under conditions which promote an intoxication. The precise mechanism of this action is not known. The treatment of pneumococcic septicemia in rabbits by small repeated doses of immune serum can be successfully carried out. The number of pneumococci capable of being brought to destruction through phagocytosis in the organs in this way is very great. Not all the rabbits treated with small repeated doses of the serum survive. Those that succumb do so not to a general infection but to a pneumococcus meningitis. The explanation of this phenomenon is simple. When the number of pneumococci originally inoculated is very great a small number penetrate into the subdural space. Those in this space do not come under the influence of the serum, hence they are not agglutinated and prepared for phagocytosis, whence they multiply and set up a fatal meningitis. The activity of the immune serum administered in this way against virulent pneumococci is so great that a revision of our notions in the limit of powers of the anti-infectious sera seems necessary. It is patent that the problem is not simply a relation between quantity of immune bodies and number of bacteria. It is more complex than that conception indicates. The factor of the leucocytes and the degree of their possible activities under the conditions of the experiment come into play. Hereafter, in defining the mode and power of action of anti-infectious sera the condition of cooperation of the body-forces will have to be more strictly considered.
Typhoid bacilli are agglutinated promptly in the circulating blood of normal rabbits and quickly removed from the blood stream. The clumped bacilli accumulate in the organs and are taken up by assembled polymorphonuclear leucocytes in the liver, spleen, and possibly other organs. The phagocyted clumps of bacilli are digested and destroyed by the phagocytes. Hence, destruction of typhoid bacilli intra vitam is brought about by an entirely different process than is the destruction by serum and whole blood in vitro. While the latter is caused by bacteriolysis, the former results from agglutination and intraphagocytic digestion. Lysis by fresh blood serum is not appreciably affected by spleen or kidney pulp, but it is inhibited by liver pulp. The action of the liver is referable to its biliary constituents, which exert anticomplementary action. Probably in certain examples of typhoid fever in man the typhoid bacilli in the circulating blood being inagglutinable cannot be removed by the organs and hence are not phagocyted and destroyed. The observed disparity between the ready destruction of typhoid bacilli by serum and shed blood and the resistance sometimes offered by the bacilli in the infected body is explained by the essential differences in the destructive processes in operation within and without the body.
1. Small quantities of antiserum bring about instantaneous agglutination of pneumococci in the circulation of the rabbit; the reaction is specific and occurs in every case in which sufficient serum is given to influence the course of the septicemia or to prolong the life of the animal. 2. The agglutinating titer of antipneurnococcus serum can be made considerably higher by adding only a small quantity of culture to the tests, thus making the test a finer differential. 3. Typhoid bacilli agglutinate spontaneously in the circulation of the normal rabbit; the reaction is positive in vivo even in cases in which undiluted serum gives a negative result in vitro; heating the bacilli to 80 degrees C. for thirty minutes renders them more agglutinable in vivo. 4. Dysentery bacilli of the Shiga type do not agglutinate in the blood stream of the normal rabbit, but a small quantity of antiserum injected into the circulation causes immediate agglutination; while all strains of the Flexner group undergo spontaneous agglutination. 5. Non-virulent influenza bacilli agglutinate spontaneously in the circulation of the normal rabbit; virulent strains remain in the blood unclumped. 6. In all instances so far investigated of both passive and natural immunity, agglutination of the bacteria within the blood of the infected animal was followed by a rapid removal of the bacteria from the circulation, and by phagocytosis and destruction of the agglutinated bacteria in the capillary systems of the viscera; while those bacteria which are not agglutinated remain in the circulation and produce a progressive septicemia. 7. Hence the agglutinins seem to play the decisive part in at least certain instances of bacterial infections.
From the data provided by our investigations we may conclude that in all pathologic processes of the cortex which end in dementia and death, the fatty degeneration of the elements of the cortex plays a not unimportant part. The characteristic change for most of the psychoses is found in a great increase in amount of fatty deposits when compared to normal individuals of the same age. In some processes such as senile dementia and dementia praecox the fatty substance appears to fill completely the cell body, and these cells have apparently lost all their functioning power. It is not common to find the fatty deposits in the processes of the ganglion cells except in dementia praecox, and to a limited extent in senile dementia. In other cases the pathological variety of the fatty deposits in the ganglion cells is seen to be diffused over the whole ganglion cell. We were able especially to observe this in infectious psychoses, in general paralysis, and in epilepsy. The so called central neuritis assumes a peculiar attitude in that it plainly leads swiftly to an acute fatty degeneration of the ganglion cells, in which there exists an inclination of the fatty granules to flow together into large masses. Frequently the fatty degeneration of the ganglion cells appears to be connected with the sclerosis of the cells, especially when it is a matter of slowly progressing alterations of degeneration. The behavior of the glia is not wholly uniform in the various disease processes. In chronic disease processes we often find that the extent of the fatty accumulations in the ganglion cells does not correspond to an equal increase in the glia cells, while the otherwise acutely degenerative alteration in the nuclei of the glia is noticeable. In acute processes we see regularly an equal accumulation of the fat in both species of cell. The conditions of the cells in the vascular wall are wholly similar to those of the glia cells. We must therefore assume that in chronic diseases the fatty substance has been carried out of the glia and the vascular walls while it has been retained longer in the ganglion cells. Among all the disease processes amaurotic idiocy assumes a peculiar position. We have observed that in addition to the fatty materials of the scarlet fat stain, still other fatty materials, lipoid in character, have made their appearance. While the study of the fatty deposit in the cerebral cortex offers some points for a differential diagnosis, yet it is not adopted in all cases, since the distinction in individual disease processes is not always characteristic. From the preceding examination, however, in many cases there result important findings which briefly we summarize as follows: 1. In all degenerative alterations in the cerebral cortex the mass of the lipoid materials in the ganglion cells in comparison with that in healthy individuals of equal age is found to be considerably augmented. In the alteration of the lipoid materials in the ganglion cells two types in general may be distinguished: (a) An augmentation of the lipoid materials in the ganglion cells, in places where normally a small amount of fat is found, (b) An augmentation of the lipoid materials over the entire cell. 2. The first type we find also characteristic in senile dementia. The second type occurs in acute infectious psychoses, general paralysis, and well advanced epilepsy. 3. While the advanced lipoid degeneration of the ganglion cells in senile dementia has already been described in many ways, it has appeared from our investigations that also in the young chronic cases of dementia praecox far-reaching fatty degeneration of the ganglion cells, especially in the second and third cortical strata, likewise occurs. These findings should constitute an important contribution to the pathological anatomy of dementia praecox. 4. The so called central neuritis represents a peculiar disease process according to the appearance of the fatty degeneration, since this fatty degeneration reaches a very advanced degree, and also in so far as it deviates from other disease processes in that here there comes out very distinctly in the picture an inclination of the fatty granules to flow together. 5. Amaurotic idiocy also represents a particular disease process in respect to the lipoid degeneration, since here in addition to otherwise distributed scarlet stain lipoid materials, still other specific lipoid materials make their appearance.
1. All arsenical compounds do not produce the same type of renal injury. 2. In general, there are two broad groups of kidneys produced, the red and the pale, with a variety of subdivisions of each group depending upon modifications in the chemical constitution of the compound, dosage, and length of survival of the animal.
1. We have shown that the type of renal lesion produced by compounds of arsenic varies widely: while some arsenicals produce changes in which vascular injury predominates, others produce an equally dominant tubular injury. 2. In either of these groups the character and degree of the vascular or tubular injury produced by different compounds shows further variation, such that the lesions of different arsenicals of the same group are not identical. Each compound of arsenic that we have tested, therefore, produces a lesion-complex in the kidney that is relatively characteristic for that compound. 3. The mode and character of the action of arsenicals are dependent upon the chemical constitution of the compound.
1. Toxic doses of all arsenicals of which we have any knowledge produce definite pathological changes in the adrenals of guinea pigs. These changes include congestion, hemorrhage, disturbances in the lipoid content, cellular degenerations and necroses, and reduction in the chromaffin content. 2. The character and severity of the injury produced by different arsenicals varies with the chemical constitution of the compounds. 3. From these facts, we believe that adrenal injury is an important factor in arsenical intoxication and suggest that therapeutic doses of some arsenicals may produce adrenal stimulation.
1. The serum of rabbits which have been previously treated with a single dose of ethylhydrocuprein (optochin) exerts a bactericidal action on, and, later, inhibits the growth of pneumococci in the test-tube. 2. These actions are most evident in the serum of rabbits when the base (optochin base) is given in oil subcutaneously; somewhat less when the hydrochloride of the drug is given in water subcutaneously; slight when the base is given in oil intramuscularly; and least evident, or absent, when the hydrochloride in water is introduced directly into the stomach. To get these effects by the intravenous route, toxic doses must be given, and, even with toxic non-fatal doses, the effects do not last long. 3. In the case of the base given in oil subcutaneously to rabbits in a dosage of 0.1 gram per kilo of body weight, the bactericidal action of the serum is at its maximum about one hour after administration, and it passes into an inhibitory effect about four hours after the drug has been given. 4. In man the same inhibitory and bactericidal actions of the serum are present when a single dose of 0.5 gram of the hydrochloride of the drug is given by the mouth or subcutaneously, but the bactericidal action is not so marked as in rabbits. 5. When the optochin concentration in the serum has, apparently,. diminished to a certain point in relation to the number of pneumococci present, the pneumococci which have survived the bactericidal action for a few hours acquire the power of growing freely.
1. The crisis in pneumonia is usually accompanied by (a) decrease in the serum antiferment; (b) the mobilization of a non-specific protease in the serum; (c) an increase in serum lipase; (d) a decrease in the non-coagulable nitrogen, and of the proteoses in the serum. 2. The crisis is associated with the beginning of an active autolysis, the latter depending on an altered relation between the ferment-antiferment balance. 3. The fibrin and leucocytic debris must be considered as one of the potential sources of toxic substances. With rapid autolysis proceeding, only non-toxic materials are absorbed.
1. The intoxication produced by the intravenous injection of inert substances such as kaolin is due to protein split products derived from the serum proteins. 2. The kaolin acts as an adsorbing medium for the serum antiferment, bringing about an alteration in the ferment-antiferment balance. 3. The intoxication is accompanied by an increase in serum protease, and of proteoses. 4. The serum lipase, the amino-acids, and the total non-coagulable nitrogen show relatively little change. 5. The antiferment shows an initial increase, followed by a loss.
1. In dogs the toxic effect of primary proteoses is usually associated with the following serum changes: (a) an increase in serum antiferment, with a following fall in titer; (b) some increase in serum protease; (c) an increase in serum lipase; (d) a decrease in serum proteoses and amino nitrogen. 2. Secondary proteoses produce (a) less marked changes in the antiferment titer; (b) a marked increase in serum protease; (c) an increase in serum proteoses; (d) only a slight change in serum lipase; (e) a primary decrease in amino nitrogen. 3. The peptone which we have used (prepared from dog muscle) caused (a) a change in antiferment titer similar to that produced by the primary proteoses; (b) a marked increase in serum protease; (c) only a slight increase in serum lipase; (d) a primary decrease in proteoses, followed by an increase later; (e) an increase in amino-acids. 4. A very small dose of peptone resulted in a decrease in antiferment titer, together with a primary decrease in serum protease. 5. The peptone preparation was non-toxic when introduced into the stomach or rectum, while the intestinal injection was followed by an immediate intoxication.
1. The intravenous injection of killed organisms is followed by the mobilization of a non-specific protease and lipase; the rapidity and extent of this reaction depend upon the toxicity of the organism and on the resistance of the organism to proteolysis. 2. The temperature and leucocytic curve bear no relation to the ferment changes. 3. The serum antiferment is usually increased after the injection. 4. Of the organisms studied, the typhoid bacilli produced the most marked ferment changes, and the tubercle bacilli the least. 5. The toxicity of the dried organisms cannot depend wholly upon proteolysis in vivo, but must depend in part on the preformed toxic substances liberated on lysis. 6. Serum protease should not be considered as the sole exciter of intoxication through the production of protein split products; it seems possible that its function may in part be one of detoxication.
1. Probably in the majority of cases it is possible, with scrupulous technique, to isolate the tubercle bacillus from contaminated material such as the sputum, by the method outlined by Petroff. 2. It is necessary to use several tubes. 3. Neutralization, drying, temperature of the incubator, and contamination after the growth has started are important points to be noted in the process. 4. The colonies start as pin points, becoming larger and confluent, but still preserving individual groups of a dry appearance which simulate the medium closely in color. 5. The bacillus of tuberculosis in young culture is tinctorially acid-fast and of a polymorphous morphology.
By a process of sensitization described it was found possible to cause arthritis in rabbits constantly after one intravenous injection of the streptococcus. This reaction is specific. By intravenous inoculation, without previous sensitization, of the streptococcus used in these experiments it was possible to cause arthritis in rabbits only after three or more injections. An analogy is suggested between the arthritis induced by sensitization and the relapses in human rheumatic fever. A further analogy is suggested between the development in rabbits of arthritis after repeated intravenous injections and the development of the primary lesion in human rheumatic fever.
The results of these experiments permit a comparison of the action of strophanthin in the normal and the infected animals. In cats the percentage of deaths following the injection of 0.1 mg. of strophanthin per kilo of body weight was the same in normal and in pneumonic cats. The number of recoveries in this series was larger than was expected. This result was due to the fact that the dose injected was not the lethal dose, but the average lethal dose (0.1 mg.) determined by Hatcher and Brody (7) and by Eggleston (8). The doses which the latter actually injected ranged from 0.085 rng. to 0.16 mg.; from these the average minimal lethal dose was calculated. In adopting the average dose as the standard one to inject, those of our cats that required more than 0.1 mg. naturally survived. The death rate was therefore low. The plan employed in dogs differed from that used in cats. A lethal dose was injected in each dog. Death occurred when an average of 0.12 mg. of strophanthin per kilo of body weight was injected. The same dose was required in normal and pneumonic dogs. The effect of strophanthin in both groups of infected and non-infected cats and dogs is, therefore, identical. Whether the uniformity of strophanthin action in the two experimental groups may serve as the basis for assuming a like uniformity of action in normal individuals and in pneumonia patients is a subject which requires further analysis. The difficulty in transferring the experimental results to patients lies in the question of whether the type of pneumonia produced in animals is the same as that found in man. Clinically, the two diseases present both resemblances and differences. The animals become definitely ill and show the symptoms already described. The illness, however, is of short duration and apparently reaches its height in the majority of animals in twenty-four to seventy-two hours. Before the expiration of this time, the temperature frequently returns to normal. Many of the infected animals, when they survive, recover in three to five days. The mortality in dogs infected with pneumococci is given by Lamar and Meltzer as 16 per cent. In the present series of twelve infected cats, the mortality was also 16 per cent. These findings differ from human pneumonia in the following particulars: The infection is not so severe; the temperature, though elevated at first, soon falls; the duration of the disease is short; and convalescence is rapid. The mortality is slightly lower. Musser and Norris (12) give the human mortality at 21.06 per cent. Pathologically the two diseases also show differences. The gross appearance of the lungs is not dissimilar, but in the animals the consolidated portions are somewhat dry and they fail to show a stage of gray hepatization (5). The amount of fibrin present is small. There is comparatively slight congestion of the alveolar walls and of the walls of the bronchi. The relation of experimental pneumonias to the human disease has been discussed by a number of investigators. Almost all believe that the two types are similar, if not identical. Among the first to express this opinion was Sternberg (13) ; and later Gamaleia (14), Prudden and Northrup (15), Kinyoun and Rosenau (16), Wadsworth (17), Lamar and Meltzer (5), Wollstein and Meltzer (9) coincided with his view. Lamar and Meltzer, especially, have insisted on the identity of the two processes. On the other hand, Welch (18) in his study of experimental pneumonia, says: "Many inoculations of cultures of virulent pneumococci into the trachea and lungs of dogs have been made in my laboratory by Dr. Canfield and myself, but in no instance were we able to produce an inflammation of the lungs which we were willing to identify with acute lobar pneumonia as found in human beings." But he adds that, in the majority of experiments, there was no demonstrable consolidation and that pleurisy and more or less extensive areas of pneumonia were produced only in a few animals. The inference consequently cannot be drawn that an effect obtained with strophanthin in the experimental disease may be anticipated in man. The striking similarity in action in infected and uninfected animals renders it likely, however, that the usual action of the drug in man may be expected in the presence of pneumonia. We have accumulated evidence, to be published later, which shows that this action actually takes place in the human disease. As far as evidence obtained electrocardiographically is concerned, our experiments show that strophanthin causes the same electrical changes in the heart when the animals are infected as it does under normal conditions.
1. It is possible to split a strain of mice into certain substrains in which the tumor incidence is in some way linked to the color of the mice. Thus we could split off from the English strain, which as a whole and in various substrains with mixed colors (English A and Sable) has a high tumor rate, substrains with light tan color and pink eyes (IOI and Tan) which have a high tumor rate like the large majority of the English mice, and two other apparently recessive strains breeding true, which have a very low tumor incidence (Silver and Silver Fawn). Therefore, certain combinations of factors which determine certain colors of mice determine at the same time the tumor incidence of these strains or substrains. In the majority of cases isolated families bred through several generations separately from the majority of the other substrains give approximately the same tumor rates as the others; in some cases, however, it may perhaps be possible to separate from the main strain a family with a different rate. 2. The tumor incidence and the tumor age found in the earlier periods of our work are approximately the same as in the more recent period. On the whole, the results obtained in successive generations of the same strain also agree well with each other; the results are fairly constant; the deviations which occur are in most cases due to the small number of animals observed in the certain generations. Discarding all the mice dying in the first or in the first and second periods of life usually does not alter essentially the tumor ratio of a certain strain. 3. A certain relationship exists between tumor frequency and tumor age. On the whole, the more frequent the tumors, the earlier they appear in the various strains. This parallelism between tumor frequency and tumor age is, however, not complete. The tumor age seems to be as characteristic for a certain strain as the tumor rate. Certain substrains which differ in tumor frequency may show approximately the same tumor age. Strains with similar tumor frequency may show a different tumor age. We may therefore conclude that in all probability tumor rate and tumor age represent distinct unit factors, which are frequently, but not in all cases, linked in some manner to each other. 4. The age at which the maximum of tumors appears varies in different strains. The maximum may fall into the second or third period of life. On the whole, the maximum is reached at an earlier period of life in those strains which have a high tumor rate. But here also peculiarities exist in different strains.
These experiments indicate, therefore, that when hemoglobin is set free in the portal circulation a larger amount is held by the liver and converted rapidly into bile pigment than is the case when it is set free in the general circulation, and that, under the former condition, over-loading of the liver with bile pigment more readily occurs and jaundice is more apt to develop. This mechanical influence must, therefore, be a factor in the lessened tendency after splenctomy to the jaundice which follows blood destruction due to hemolytic agents, for whether the spleen be an active factor in destroying the erythrocytes or whether it plays merely a passive part as a place for the deposition of the disintegrating cells, there can be no question that in this organ, when it is present, a large number of cells undergo their final disintegration after the action of hemolytic poisons, and that the hemoglobin there liberated passes by the portal system directly to the liver. When the spleen is removed, this disintegration occurs in other organs, notably in the lymph nodes and bone marrow, and the hemoglobin from these organs passes not into the portal but into the general circulation, from which it reaches the liver more gradually and in a more dilute form.
The anemia which develops after splenectomy is most marked in animals on a mixed table scrap diet of meat, bread, cereals, and vegetables, which is essentially a cooked diet. Control studies in which a unilateral nephrectomy precedes splenectomy demonstrate that the anemia is not due to operation, hemorrhage, or accidents of convalescence but develops only in the absence of the spleen. The results of studies of the influence of food containing a large amount of iron in presumably easily utilizable form, as in raw beef spleen, do not support the view that the anemia is due to lack of iron in the food. Observation on the influence of a diet of raw meat as contrasted with cooked meat shows a more severe anemia in animals on the cooked diet and suggests the possibility that heat alters some substance which, in the absence of the spleen, the body cannot utilize. A final conclusion in regard to this point must, however, await the results of more detailed studies now in progress.
The development of the collateral circulation after ligation of the innominate and right common carotid arteries for subclavian aneurysm was studied in two cases by measuring the rate of blood flow in the hand's from time to time. In a woman, sixty-eight years old, the flow in the right hand three weeks after the operation was two-sevenths of that in the left. Nineteen weeks after the operation the flow in the right hand was more than three-fourths of that in the left, although no pulse returned until long afterwards. In a man, twenty-five years old, the flow in the right hand eleven days after the operation was between one-fourth and one-fifth of that in the left. Seventeen days after the operation the flow in the right hand was nearly one-third of the flow in the left. Twenty-four days after the operation the flow in the right hand had increased to more than one-half of the left hand flow. Thirty-one days after the operation the flow in the right hand was three-fifths of that in the left, without return, as yet, of any pulsation. Before the operation the flow in the right hand was markedly greater than in the left, notwithstanding the small size of the right radial pulse as compared with the left. The explanation of this fact is discussed.
1. Potassium citrate, potassium oxalate, and calcium lactate accelerate the action of tissue and serum esterases. 2. Intravenous and intraperitoneal injections of large amounts of sodium citrate do not cause a definite increase in the activity of the serum esterase.
1. Liver tissue showing fatty degeneration obtained from animals poisoned with phosphorus or chloroform contains a decreased amount of esterase. 2. The serum of animals poisoned with phosphorus or chloroform has a high esterase activity. 3. The increased amount of esterase in the serum is not derived from the disintegrating liver cells as the esterase in the blood of the hepatic vein is less than that found elsewhere.
1. In crossing strains known to diner in their tumor rates, the hybrids show in a considerable number of cases a tumor rate corresponding to the parent with a high tumor incidence; in some cases the offspring have the tumor rate of the parent with the low tumor incidence; in certain cases the tumor rate of the offspring is intermediate between those of the parents. That these results are not accidental follows from the fact that we could show in some cases that two sisters crossed with the same strains or with the same male give similar offspring, and in other cases we could show that the same individual crossed successively with two strains that behave similarly produces hybrids with a similar tumor incidence. 2. There exists some evidence for the conclusion that different strains in being crossed with other strains differ in their power to impress their tumor rate upon the crosses. Thus the English strain and the I and II daughters of No. 10 have the tendency to transmit to the offspring a high tumor rate, while Cream, Silver, and some European other than 151 have a tendency to transmit a low tumor rate. While crosses of these daughters of No. 10 with European 151 or with No. 8(1/2) show the high tumor rate of the mothers, the crosses of one of the same females with Cream or Silver show an intermediate tumor rate. 3. We find further evidence for our conclusion previously stated that age class, of the tumors and tumor rate are not dependent on the same factor. The age class enters into the crosses as a factor independent of the tumor rate. Thus we find in the crosses between the first daughter of No. 10 and Cream, and in the crosses between the same female and English Silver a similar tumor rate, but the age classes differ in conformity with the difference in the age classes of the parents. We find, furthermore, that while in some cases a tumor rate and an age class that correspond to each other (high tumor rate, early tumors-low tumor rate, late tumors) are transmitted to the offspring, in other cases tumor rate and age class transmitted to the crosses diverge. 4. It seems that certain strains with very late tumors if mated with strains with earlier tumors have a tendency to transmit to the offspring their own tendency to very late tumors. With a certain strain lateness of the tumors seems to be dominant, while a low tumor rate is not necessarily dominant in the same crosses. This was noticeable in the crosses into which the strain European +/- 102 or 103 entered as one of the parents. 5. If both parents have a similar tumor rate the offspring have usually a similar tumor rate. There was, however, one exception to this rule in the case of the German +/- Carter mice, in which the offspring showed a much lower tumor rate and higher age class than either of the parent strains.
The complete removal of the function of the pancreas concerned in digestion is followed by marked changes in the spleen and in the thyroid apparatus. Second, the spleen shows an extreme simple atrophy. Third, the thyroid apparatus exhibits a constant change shown by the macroscopic transparency of the gland, by the microscopic increase in the amount of colloid, by the chemical increase of the iodine content of the gland, and by the functional test of the delayed appearance of tetany after the complete removal of the thyroid apparatus.
We may conclude that the feeding of dried thyroid gland to tadpoles causes an early differentiation in proportion to the quantity fed or the percentage of iodine content of the gland used. With the larger doses and the higher iodine percentages, metabolism is stimulated to such an extent that the animals emaciate rapidly and die early, before there is time for much differentiation. With smaller amounts and lower iodine percentages the size of the animals is roughly inversely proportional to the amount or percentage, so that a close association of differentiation with pigmy size is not characteristic of thyroid feeding as such, as Gudenatsch seems to conclude. One may see early and marked differentiation along with large size. It all seems a question of dosage. The larger sizes are associated with slower differentiation, the smaller sizes with more rapid differentiation, and the smallest sizes may show no differentiation at all, due to the extremely rapid and marked emaciation, and early death. Non-thyroid iodine does not have this effect. The thyroid effect is inhibited by exposure to cold and by cracker feeding. Exposure to cold probably acts by lowering metabolism; cracker feeding, by substituting food other than the animal's own tissues to meet the increased demands caused by the stimulating effect of the thyroid feeding. Gudenatsch in his earlier paper speaks of the thyroid as stimulating metabolism, which leads to early differentiation and suppresses growth. Later he seems to lean to the view that the thyroid possesses some specific influence on differentiation. It may all be a matter of words, but our present conception is that we are simply dealing with the well known action of thyroid on metabolism. As the iodine content increases, the thyroid increasingly stimulates the metabolism of the tadpole, which undergoes changes in size, increased growth or rapid emaciation, according to the strength of the action. The tadpole being a larval form, the tissues first to be stimulated to increased metabolism, and later the first to be consumed, are naturally those tissues whose normal function is approaching a normal end, and which, in the normal course of events, are about to undergo metamorphosis. Hastening of differentiation seems then to ensue not as a specific stimulation of differentiation, but only to be the normal result of the stimulation of general metabolism. The seeming specificity of the result lies not in a new action of thyroid, but in its application to a living organism at a specific time in its development. Most important, of course, is the confirmation of what we may be justified in regarding as an established fact; namely, that the activity and potency of the physiologically active substance of the thyroid is measurable in terms of its percentage iodine content. Finally, it may be pointed out that the reaction of tadpoles to thyroid feeding is so sensitive that the procedure might well serve as a biological test for the activity of thyroid tissue, superior even to chemical methods.
The foregoing experiments show that in cats a definite lobar pneumonia may be caused by Bacillus mucosus capsulatus. Judging both from the clinical course and from the pathological findings, this form of pulmonary infection differs from the usual pneumococcus types of pneumonia and closely resembles the so called Friedländer's bacillus or Bacillus pneumonioe in man. In all instances in which a lobar pneumonia was found after the injection of the bacillus, a similar organism was recovered from the lung, and in no case was this associated with other organisms. The course of the disease in cats is very short, the animals developing early symptoms of profound toxemia. In 87 per cent of the animals showing a lobar pneumonia positive blood cultures were obtained. The pathological findings, judging from the early stages of the disease, are subject to considerable variation. In some instances the process may suggest a pseudolobar or confluent lobular distribution. In these cases the lung has a mottled, marble-like appearance. In the majority of cases, however, the process gave a more homogeneous appearance, suggesting a diffuse and uniform distribution. Foci of hemorrhage were not uncommon in both. Such areas cause the mottled appearance sometimes found. In all instances the consolidated lung presents a greater infiltration of tissue than is usually seen in other types of experimental pneumonia. Although the exudate as seen on the cut surface may be abundant and especially viscid in character, this is not present in most cases. The cut surface of the consolidated lung does not present a granular appearance. The histological findings are also subject to considerable variation. In most instances the infundibular and alveolar spaces are completely filled with an exudate made up chiefly of polymorphonuclear cells. Associated with these are the capsulated bacilli, large vacuolated mononuclear phagocytic cells, and red blood cells, and occasionally small amounts of fibrin. The organisms may vary greatly in numbers. Some sections show spaces almost completely filled with bacilli. The contrast between spaces containing an exudate consisting chiefly of polymorphonuclear forms and an adjoining one filled with organisms is often striking (Fig. 4). The bacilli found are both intra- and extracellular. The large vacuolated cells are numerous in this type of pneumonia. They apparently are the first cells to become phagocytic. Often they are seen to contain as many as 10 to 15 capsulated bacilli, while polymorphonuclear cells in the same exudate contain no organisms. The histogenesis of these cells seems to be somewhat clearer from the study of these early stages of pneumonia. In many instances one sees swollen, partially desquamated epithelial cells along the alveolar wall. These closely resemble the large vacuolated forms. Various types of these vacuolated mononuclear cells were observed. These may well represent stages of development from the desquamating epithelial cell to the large vacuolated form. Although similar cells may arise elsewhere, we have been led to regard them in our studies as epithelial in origin (Fig. 5). The number of red blood cells and the amount of fibrin present in the exudate vary greatly. Small foci consisting of alveolar spaces filled with erythrocytes are not uncommon. The fibrin is very much less abundant than in most types of pneumonia. From the above experiments it is seen that a lobar pneumonia in cats can be produced at least by two methods, either by intrabronchial insufflation of the organism or by direct injection into the veins, provided that in the latter case an irritant is introduced into the lungs. In each case there is little doubt but that a local injury of the lung parenchyma was produced. Without this injury (that is, by intravenous injection of the organism alone), no pulmonary lesion was obtained. Further studies with both these methods must be undertaken to ascertain more exactly the sequence of the pathological process. It seems probable that they are identical in each case. The results obtained from the second method employed to produce a lobar pneumonia offer suggestive evidence in support of a hematogenous causation of this disease in at least certain instances. It is not proposed to discuss the aerogenous versus hernatogenous theories at this time. Kidd(5) has recently reviewed the subject and states that the aerogenous theory for the causation of pneumonia is most widely held. This view has gained credence especially since the work of Meltzer and Lamar. In spite of this, Kidd emphasizes the fact that based on our knowledge of pulmonary infections in man and upon theoretical grounds and upon certain experimental facts, the hernatogenous theory seems more plausible. No definite conclusions can be drawn from the last series of experiments. From this limited study it seems probable that lobar pneumonic processes are produced less easily after intravenous injection of various cocci and insufflation of irritating substances than by-similar treatment with Friedländer's bacillus.
1. Blood glycolysis in vitro during a period of three hours' incubation proceeds at practically the same rate under sterile conditions and when no effort is made to prevent contamination. 2. Fresh thyroid extract, adrenalin, and phlorhizin do not contain any substances which have a constant effect upon the rate of blood glycolysis outside of the body. No evidence of the presence of an antiferment was found.
Lactose does not increase the receptivity of mice and rats for the transplantable carcinomata of their species.
1. Metchnikoff and Besredka's living sensitized vaccine produces a typhoid cholecystitis when injected directly into the gall bladder of rabbits. It is therefore infectious. 2. Rabbits cannot be successfully immunized with this vaccine against direct gall bladder infections. Accordingly, rabbits cannot be used to test immunity in this way. 3. The strain used in the Army vaccine is pathogenic, relatively avirulent, and distinctly toxic. Its efficacy is believed to depend on its toxicity. 4. Vaccinations in those who have had typhoid and revaccinations produce more severe local reactions than original vaccinations in some instances. 5. The typhoidin skin test is not believed to be an index of true immunity, but rather an indication of typhoid proteid sensitization, which is not so complete, so permanent, or so specific as true immunity.
Such foreign proteins as horse serum and egg-white in the amounts employed in these experiments do not produce evidences of intoxication immediately after injection into rabbits. Single large injections do, however, produce changes in the parenchymatous organs after a period often to twenty-one days. These develop at the time or immediately after the animal has formed antibodies for the foreign proteins. The mechanism of the development of the lesions in the myocardium, liver, and kidneys of rabbits is thus the same, whether a single inoculation is given or whether repeated inoculations are made in sensitized animals. By the latter method, however, much more marked and extensive changes may be produced.
1. At least three subgroups of Pneumococcus Type II may be recognized by specific immune reactions. They have been called Subgroups II A, II B, and II X. 2. That the organisms of these three subgroups are biologically related to Pneumococcus Type II is shown by the following facts: (a) Agglutination with Antipneumococcus Serum II. (b) Protection with Antipneumococcus Serum II, except Subgroup II X. (c) Absorption of Antipneumococcus Serum II with typical Type II pneumococcus removes the antibodies for all subgroups, (d) Absorption of Antipneumococcus Serum II with a member of Subgroups II A or II B removes only the antibodies for the homologous subgroup. Absorption of Antipneumococcus Serum II with any given member of Subgroup II X removes the antibodies for that particular strain only. 3. That the three subgroups, although biologically related to Pneumococcus Type II, possess, nevertheless, specific differential characterswhich separate them one from another, is evidenced by thefollowing facts: (a) The organisms of any subgroup are not agglutinated bythe antisera of the other two subgroups. (b) They are not protected against by the sera of the other subgroups. (c) They do not absorb from Antipneumococcus Serum II the specific immune bodies of the other subgroups. 4. Subgroups II A and II B are characterized by immunity reactions identical within the respective group. 5. Subgroup II X consists of heterogeneous strains which do not cross in their immunity reaction with each other or with Subgroups II A or II B.
1. The spontaneous occurrence of myeloid leukemia of the fowl is confirmed 2. Myeloid leukemia of the fowl is transmissible by intravenous or intraperitoneal injection of an organic emulsion. The latter is in confirmation of the work of Ellermann and Bang (6, 7), who first successfully transmitted the disease. They were followed by Hirschfeld and Jacoby (13)) whose successful transmissions, however, seem to be limited to a strain which had its origin in a fowl presented to them by Ellermann and Bang. Burckhardt (14, 15) likewise transmitted the disease, but here again the stock animal came from Hirschfeld and Jacoby and therefore indirectly from Ellermann and Bang. The transmission reported above is of special interest, because it originated in an animal absolutely unrelated to that of the previous investigators.
The results here reported confirm those of the former papers and strengthen the conclusions drawn therefrom. They may be summarized as follows: Chicken plasma has a marked bactericidal action on Bacillus typhosus, which may be in some slight degree overcome by the presence of growing tissue, especially splenic tissue, in the cultures. On Bacillus dysenterioe this bactericidal action of chicken plasma is present, but much less marked, and the same counteracting action of tissue, especially splenic tissue, is evident. On Bacillus coli verus chicken plasma has little or no bactericidal action. On Bacterium diphtheriticum chicken plasma has a very strong bactericidal action which may be strongly counteracted by the presence of growing tissue in the cultures. In all cases the bactericidal action of the plasma is decidedly diminished by dilution, as shown by the comparative results of these and the cultures formerly reported. The migrating white cells from splenic cultures, or substances closely associated with these cells, have a distinctly bactericidal influence on all organisms tested except Bacillus coli verus. Murphy states that lymphocytes first appear in the general circulation of the chick embryo on the 18th to 20th day, but in my cultures of splenic tissue cells resembling lymphocytes in morphology and behavior begin to appear in cultures of 11 or 12 day spleen and are abundant in cultures of spleen from 14 day or older embryos.
These results seem to indicate that many bacteria may be utilized by tissue cells as food for growth or may contain a substance or substances stimulating cell growth or multiplication. This substance is stable and is not destroyed by heating to 100 degrees C. or by long standing. With Micrococcus aureus this action is often neutralized or overcome by a substance inhibitory to growth. The nature of these substances has not yet been determined, though several attempts along this line were made by endeavoring to split the typhoid bacterial substance according to the method of Vaughan See PDF for Structure and testing the poisonous and non-poisonous residues separately. However, at the time too little bacterial substance was used to obtain enough end-products to be of much use, and the products so obtained prevented the plasma from coagulating. Even in the uncoagulated plasma there appeared to be an increase of cells in the cultures with the non-poisonous residue. The author hopes to be able to repeat these tests with split products at a later time when more bacterial substance is available, with the hope of obtaining more definite results.
In plasma cultures, with or without tissue, tubercle bacilli form characteristic streptothrix-like colonies of loosely twisted skeins of threads. In plasma tissue cultures embryonal connective tissue and epithelial cells phagocytyze tubercle bacilli freely. Splenic tissue cultures from fourteen day or older embryos if inoculated with isolated bacilli will phagocytyze and prevent the development of all or nearly all bacilli present. If heavy inoculations of tubercle bacilli with many bacillary clumps are made in splenic cultures the bacilli develop more freely than in similar connective tissue cultures from heart tissue in spite of marked phagocytosis. In such cultures the first change seen is a clustering of small round cells, interpreted as lymphocytes, around bacillary clumps and colonies followed by a similar clustering of larger parenchymatous polygonal cells with one or several nuclei, interpreted as epithelioid cells, which phagocytyze any bacilli with which they may come in contact. The larger cells containing bacilli then fuse to form larger multinuclear cells and these by further fusion form typical giant cells with quiescent nuclei in characteristic groupings and bacilli in degenerated protoplasm away from the nuclear groups. Cells which have phagocytyzed bacilli may digest them or may be unable to do so, in which case the bacilli develop within the cells and eventually cause complete cell degeneration.
1. Definite morphological changes occur in the batonnets of the proximal convoluted tubule in stages of activity. 2. Atypical mitochondria but no batonnets exist in the regenerated cells found in chronic uranium nephritis. 3. No secretion of urea occurs in these cells which do not contain the cell organs. 4. The urea is secreted normally in the proximal convoluted tubule only (Leschke). 5. The urea appears in the form of granules, which are arranged in definite rows. 6. It is suggested that the secretion of the urea is by means of the mitochondrial batonnets which act as condensors.
We believe that our experiments have shown that the serum of rabbits and sheep immunized with cultures of Treponema pallidum acquires spirochaeticidal properties for these culture spirochaetes. The normal serum of these animals also possesses spirochaeticidal action if used in sufficient quantities, and the action of the immune serum represents probably an increase of the antibodies normally present. Both normal and immune spirochaeticidal properties are destroyed by heating to 56 degrees C. The spirochaeticidal action of the immune serum can be reactivated by the addition of fresh normal serum of the same species, insufficient in amount to exert a spirochaeticidal effect by itself. The structure of these spirochaeticidal bodies, therefore, is entirely analogous to that of the well known bactericidal antibodies known to exist in antibacterial sera. We do not wish to have these results interpreted as applying to virulent spirochaetes as well as to culture spirochaetes. A subsequent publication will demonstrate why we specify this at present.
1. As regards these strains, at least, there is no consistent change, either increase or decrease, of rabbit pathogenicity during progressive rabbit passage. 2. There is no difference in pathogenicity between these different strains, although some of them were isolated from condylomata, some from chancres, one from a mucous patch, and one by Nichols from the nervous system. 3. We do not believe that there is any consistency of difference in speed of incubation between these various strains. 4. We think that the nature of the lesion produced by any individual strain, and the incubation time as well, are dependent upon the fortuitous factors incident to the nature of the material used, the technique of injection, and the size of rabbit in which the injection is made. As to the tendency to generalize possessed by one strain or another, we are not prepared to make a statement. We have not inspected as carefully as we might all our rabbits in regard to the more obscure syphilitic lesions such as small nodules on the eyebrows, nodules on the nasal bones, and internal lesions of the eye. As a matter of fact, we have noticed three cases of keratitis, probably syphilitic, and a number of preputial metastases, we have seen occasional nodules about the anus, and in one case a peritonitis in the fluid of which living treponemata were found on examination. There has not been in our series an extensive number of generalizations. We attribute this largely to the fact that all the studies here recorded were made on rabbits intratesticularly inoculated. It appears from the writings of other investigators that intravenous and intracardial injection of rabbits leads to a more extensive metastatic or general distribution. Two of the few rabbits inoculated intravenously showed testicular lesions. A series of rabbits intracerebrally inoculated through trephine openings showed nothing definite on autopsy, though one of them showed interference with reflexes and rigidity of the limbs for a time which seemed significant of pathological change. This rabbit, however, recovered entirely.
Although antibodies can be produced by the immunization of animals with cultivated Treponema pallidum, and although these antibodies exert specific agglutinative and treponemicidal action upon the culture organisms, they possess, at least in the concentration so far obtained by us in rabbits and sheep, practically no action for virulent treponemata obtained directly from lesions. There seems to be in the infected body an inability to exert a purely serum action upon the virulent treponemata, a condition of affairs which may well lead to a lack of antigen absorption on the part of the body and a consequent failure to produce serum antibodies. We do not think that this should in any way discourage our further investigation of the protective action of antibodies produced with culture pallida. On the one hand, the slight occasional agglutination and the lower proportion of takes with the concentrated serum in the last experiment at least indicate the possibility that we have been working with sera that are not sufficiently powerful and that just as with work with the pneumococcus and other highly invasive organisms, a serum of considerable antibody contents must be used before results can be expected. Again, the destruction of treponemata and the healing of lesions which undoubtedly takes place in rabbits, sometimes with surprising speed, may be a cellular destruction, and by injecting the sera either locally or intravenously and giving them time to be absorbed by the cells before injecting virulent material, better results may be obtained. This direction of research as well as further studies on the antagonistic cellular processes against the pallida, the immunization of animals with killed virulent organisms, and the antibodies in rabbits and human beings during the course of infection and after recovery are being investigated, and we hope to be able to report upon them in the near future.
Cats injected into the parotid gland and testicle with a bacterial sterile filtrate of the salivary secretion of children in the active stage of parotitis or mumps can be made to develop a pathological condition having several points of resemblance to the condition present in mumps in human beings. After an incubation stage of from five to eight days definite changes have been noted in the temperature, blood leukocytes, and inoculated organs. The temperature rise begins within twenty-four hours of the inoculations and reaches a maximum in from seven to fourteen days. The febrile rise fluctuates between 1 degrees and 2.5 degrees C. The white blood cells begin to increase on the second day following the inoculation. The first change is a polymorphonuclear leukocytosis which precedes the glandular swellings. This initial rise is followed by a decline, after which the lymphocytes increase. The increase is confined to the small lymphocytes, which increase to from 7 to 10 per cent of their initial number. The inoculated glands become swollen and tender. The swelling and tenderness become apparent from the fifth to the ninth days and persist for a variable period. The parotid changes are less constant or less obvious than are the testicular. The latter are constant and endure from eight to twelve days. The rise of temperature and the leukocytosis precede the glandular swelling, but all the changes reach the maximum at about the same time, after which they decline gradually. What may be regarded as normal conditions are reestablished in four weeks or less. The intraparotid and intratesticular injections of extracts of normal parotid gland and testicles may cause a mild rise of temperature and leukocytosis of brief duration, but swelling and tenderness are absent. The white cells increased are the polymorphonuclears and not the lymphocytes. The intraparotid and intratesticular injections of filtrates of normal saliva may cause a mild rise of temperature of very brief duration, but leukocytosis, swelling, and tenderness do not appear. The histological changes in the parotid gland when present consist chiefly of edema of the interlobular connective tissue with mononuclear interstitial infiltration about the ducts and elsewhere. In cases of long duration the ducts may be dilated. But in some instances the swollen gland while showing congestion and edema in gross showed inconspicuous changes under the microscope. The histological changes in the testicle are of two kinds: inconstant changes of cellular invasion between the tubules and swelling or even multiplication of the interstitial cells, constant ones consisting of degeneration of the epithelium and interference with spermatogenesis, a condition to which we have applied the term "spermatorrhexis." The pathological conditions set up by the filtrate derived from the salivary secretion of cases of acute parotitis are intensified by successive transfers through a small series of cats of the extract and emulsion of the parotid gland and testicle previously inoculated. The pathological changes are also prevented or reduced when the extract or emulsion is previously incubated with a quantity of blood serum obtained from a cat which has survived inoculation. Normal serum, on the other hand, has no such inhibiting effect. The deduction from these experiments is to the effect that the salivary secretion in parotitis or mumps contains a filterable substance capable of setting up a series of definite pathological conditions when inoculated into the testicle and parotid glands of cats. Whether this active material is a microorganism and if so whether it is the specific microbic cause of parotitis or mumps remains to be ascertained.
Potent antimeningitis serum can be safely produced in the horse by the method of three successive intravenous inoculations of living meningococci and parameningococci repeated at stated intervals. Sudden and alarming symptoms and sudden death are avoided by employing first a desensitizing injection and then by adjusting the doses according to the febrile reaction and by making the highly diluted injections slowly. Horses undergoing this process of immunization remain in good condition and may even gain in weight. Specific immune bodies appear in the serum early and rise rapidly. By inoculating alternately several strains of living meningococci and parameningococci, and the autolyzed products of each, a polyvalent serum of high titer can be produced in 8 to 12 weeks instead of in the 10 months required by the subcutaneous method. The serum produced by this rapid method has been employed therapeutically in America, England, France, and some other countries. It is highly desirable to isolate meningococci from many sources and test the strains against the polyvalent serum. Strains which are not agglutinated in high dilution in such a serum should be included subsequently in the lot of strains used for immunization.
The subcutaneous, intraperitoneal, or intravenous inoculation of cultures of typhoid bacilli did not cause, as far as could be determined, a decrease in the antibody content of the blood serum of the rabbit. On the other hand, the intravenous inoculation of typhoid bacilli causes a rapid mobilization of normal antibodies, thus increasing their concentration in the blood, to be followed somewhat later, as in the other forms of inoculation, by the production of so called acquired antibodies. No such condition as the negative phase of Wright was discovered, although especially looked for in the experiments.
We have found in the kidneys of twelve supposedly normal guinea pigs, coming from Pennsylvania and New Jersey, a parasite that closely resembles in some of its phases Klossiella muris, described by Smith and Johnson, and the renal parasite of two West African guinea pigs, described by Seidelin. The forms most commonly found by us and described as the sporoblast cycle, are evidently similar to those described by Smith and Johnson and by Seidelin. There are certain discrepancies of measurement between the parasite described by Seidelin and the one here described, but the most important difference between the two is the different number of sporozoites resulting from a final division of the daughter sporoblasts. Seidelin has found thirty sporozoites; we have found from eight to twelve, while the usual number is eight. Further, we have found a ring form which is unlike any of the stages in either the sporoblast or schizogonic cycle, and which we interpret tentatively as the male element or microgamete. In addition, we have found a tubular form which resembles the glomerular body of Klossiella muris and which we think is the schizogonic phase of this parasite.
1. The processes of repair in the kidneys of guinea pigs after sublethal doses of certain arsenical compounds indicate that all arsenicals do not produce a purely vascular type of renal injury. 2. While some arsenicals produce a predominantly vascular injury and others produce a predominantly tubular injury, both these tissue elements are undoubtedly always affected, although in varying proportion. In addition, the interstitial connective tissue is probably always affected. The diffuse proliferation of this tissue may be relatively conspicuous in the processes of repair after arsenicals that cause but slight vascular injury. 3. All red kidneys do not necessarily show identical pictures during the processes of repair; the same is true of pale kidneys. 4. The mode of action of an arsenical compound as a renal toxic agent is bound up with the chemical constitution of the compound.
The poliomyelitic virus obtained from an experimental monkey has been passed through eight generations in rabbits. It shows no signs of dying out. On the other hand, it gives no evidence of becoming more pathogenic to the species through successive passage. The period of incubation remains variable and the percentage of takes has not increased. Whether eventually a virus can be obtained which is of heightened virulence to rabbits is problematic. All inoculations are by no means successful. The animals show great individual differences in susceptibility to the virus, as is evidenced by the fact that out of fifty-four rabbits inoculated, only twenty-two, or about 40 per cent, succumbed. This fact may explain the negative results of other investigators. At several points in the series of experiments it was thought that the strain had died out. As many as six rabbits have been inoculated one after the other before the virus would catch again. The age of the rabbits is important in considering the susceptibility. From the limited data at our command, adult rabbits are resistant, and there appears to be an abrupt increase in resistance between the age of 6 and 8 weeks; that is, rabbits under 6 weeks are more susceptible to the virus. There seems to be a parallel between the age incidence of this disease in rabbits and spontaneous poliomyelitis in man. The age incidence of poliomyelitis in man is indicated by the term "infantile paralysis." Several methods of inoculation have proved successful; thus the rabbits have succumbed as a result of introducing the virus directly into the brain, by injecting it into a peripheral nerve, or directly into the circulation, or by placing it upon the uninjured nasal mucosa. The symptoms produced show more or less departure from the symptoms of poliomyelitis as seen in the spontaneous disease in man and in the experimental disease in the monkey. There are two distinct pictures recognizable. In one there is paralysis of one or more of the extremities which progresses until death, resembling somewhat the symptoms of the experimental disease in the monkey. This we have designated the progressive type. The other group is included in what we have called the fulminating type. The symptoms are explosive in character, with extreme weakness amounting to prostration, terminating in death in a few hours, attendant upon respiratory failure. The mode of inoculation seems to have little effect upon the type of symptoms produced. The period of incubation is variable and apparently does not depend upon the method of inoculation. The period varied from 2 to 41 days, with an average of 12 days. The two extremes both occurred after intracranial injection. After intranasal insufflation the incubation period was short, being in each case 2 days, followed by symptoms of the fulminating type. The placing of the virus into the nose seems to be an effective method, but is as uncertain as other routes, as only three out of nine rabbits tested in this manner succumbed. The disease produced by this route was particularly virulent. The virus shows no tendency to become fixed. The period of incubation is as variable in the eighth generation as in the first, and the virus has shown no tendency towards increasing virulence through successive passage, in these respects differing from the virus of rabies. We have found the virus to be filterable. An emulsion of the central nervous matter of a rabbit of the first generation passed through a Berkefeld filter, and injected intracerebrally into another rabbit, resulted in death, preceded by symptoms of the fulminating type. Virus (unfiltered) from this rabbit was transferred successfully to two other rabbits. The lesions, while definite and consistent throughout the series, lack the distinctive features of the pathologic picture of poliomyelitis in man and the monkey. Capillary congestion, punctate hemorrhages, degeneration of the motor cells, satellitosis, and more or less cellular infiltration of the gray matter of the cord and medulla are found, but perivascular infiltration is absent and the infiltrating cells are not lymphocytic in character. One of the most striking features of this investigation is the way in which rabbits and monkeys react to the same virus. The disease in the rabbit presents certain clinical resemblances to the experimental disease in the monkey and also to the spontaneous disease in children. On the other hand, the symptoms show marked variation from those seen in the monkey and in man. The picture has not the same constancy in rabbits and could not in most cases be recognized clinically as poliomyelitis. There are still more marked differences in the pathology. While it is true that the brunt of the attack in the rabbit falls upon the gray matter of the cord and medulla, the appearance of the lesions under the microscope shows such differences from the lesions of experimental poliomyelitis in monkeys, as well as the natural disease in man, as to suggest two distinct infections. It is more reasonable, however, to assume that we are dealing with a modified form of poliomyelitis; that the rabbit reacts differently to the virus than the monkey or man; and that the disease produced in rabbits by us and others is in fact poliomyelitis. So far as we know, no other virus produces such differences in two animal species. Smallpox is so profoundly altered in the cow that it took almost 100 years to prove Jenner's assumption that cowpox is a modified form of smallpox. However, the pock of vaccinia is a correct counterpart both clinically and pathologically of the pock of variola. If the virus of poliomyelitis may be so altered in the rabbit as scarcely to be recognizable, may it not be still more profoundly changed in other animals? The conjecture then arises that poliomyelitis, instead of being limited naturally to man and experimentally to monkeys, may in fact occur in other animals in unnoticed or unrecognized form. If this should prove true, it may be a source of human infection and may help to solve the problem of prevention.
The problem of eradicating ovarian infection in the domestic fowl assumes still greater importance than heretofore, in the light of data recently acquired. Not only is it of great significance to eliminate the permanent carriers of Bacterium pullorum from all flocks of fowls from the standpoint of successful poultry breeding, but also because they constitute a possible source of danger to man. Eggs which harbor Bacterium pullorum in the yolk in large numbers may produce abnormal conditions, when fed, not only in young chicks, but in adult fowls, young rabbits, guinea pigs, and kittens. The toxicity for young rabbits is most pronounced, the infection usually resulting in the death of the animals. In kittens the most prominent symptoms are those of severe food-poisoning with members of the paratyphoid group of bacteria. The possibility of infected eggs causing serious disturbances in young children and in the sick and convalescent of all ages must therefore receive serious consideration. Ovarian infection of fowls is very common throughout this country. Hence, a large proportion of the marketed eggs are infected with Bacterium pullorum. When such eggs are allowed to remain in nests under broody hens, or in warm storage places, for comparatively few hours, they contain large numbers of the organism. Soft boiling, coddling, and frying on one side only do not necessarily render the yolks free from viable bacteria; therefore, eggs which have gone through these processes may, like raw eggs, be the cause of serious disturbances in persons who are particularly susceptible to such influences, and especially to infants. That no well authenticated instances of egg-poisoning of this kind are on record does not warrant the assumption that there have been no cases. The etiology of infantile stomach and intestinal disturbances is as yet too little understood; in fact, it may be said that many of these disorders have no known cause, and almost as much may be said regarding gastro-intestinal diseases in later life. Furthermore, since the ailments caused by infected eggs would not make themselves felt presumably until several days after their ingestion, little or no suspicion would fall upon the eggs. It may be said, too, that the wide distribution of ovarian infection in the domestic fowl has come about only in the last few years, hence its possible danger to man is one of recent development.
1. The serum changes observed during acute experimental pancreatitis indicate that the shock and death are due to an intoxication from protein split products, and not to an intoxication from pure tryptic ferment. 2. When the pancreatitis is produced by the injection of an anti-proteolytic substance (sodium oleate), the degree of intoxication bears no relation to the degree of tissue destruction. 3. The increase in serum antiferment apparently favors the recovery of the animal.
1. In thyroparathyroidectomized dogs the onset of tetany bears no constant relation to the ferment-antiferment balance of the serum. 2. The serum lipase titer remains at a low level throughout. 3. A progressive increase in non-coagulable nitrogen and proteoses is observed in the serum following the removal of the glands. 4. The amino nitrogen of the serum is usually increased at the time when tetany is most marked.
1. As has been found by other investigators, when a large amount of dextrose is injected intravenously into a normal dog it disappears from the circulating blood in about 90 minutes after the end of the injection. Varying amounts (an average of 60 per cent) are excreted in the urine. 2. Even in nephrectomized animals the same quantity will leave the circulation in the same length of time as in normal animals. 3. This phenomenon seems to be, at least to a great extent, independent of vital processes, since dextrose, after intravenous injection into dead animals, is found to leave the blood rapidly. 4. The phenomenon is independent of the important abdominal organs, for it also occurs in animals (living or dead) in which the aorta and inferior vena cava have been ligated near the diaphragm, thus abolishing most of the circulation posterior to the diaphragm. 5. The fact that a considerable amount of the sugar passes from the circulation into the surrounding tissues was established by finding an increase in the carbohydrates of the muscle tissue. This was done in the case of the living anterior animals and in the whole and anterior dead animals. In most of these experiments there was also evidence of the formation of polysaccharides in the muscle tissue.
1. By means of vascular suture it is possible to remove the dog's kidney from the body and later to restore it to its former position. 2. Such a kidney is removed from the control of the nervous system, at least for a time. 3. Examination of the function of a kidney so treated shows an initial period of overaction, as compared with that of the normal kidney. 4. This is followed by balanced action. 5. The more recent tests of renal function show that a single, reimplanted kidney is able to maintain normal life indefinitely. 6. The results of these experiments, together with the evidence already at hand, suggest strongly that secretory nerves to the kidney do not exist.
Individual, living, tissue cells can be obtained in suspension by digesting with trypsin the clot of growing tissue cultures. Under these circumstances the living cells assume a spherical form. When washed and plated in fresh plasma they put out processes and proliferate. After growth in the new plates has occurred the digestion and plating can be repeated. The limits of the method have not yet been reached. We are at work on a number of the problems which it has opened up.
Pure cultures of the spirochaetal causative agent of the disease known as Weil's disease, or febrile icterus, in Japan, have been obtained by us in a solid, a semisolid, and a fluid medium. The spirochaeta thus isolated remains pathogenic for guinea pigs for many generations. Up to the present time we have succeeded through the courtesy of Professor Nagayo, Dr. Konuma, and Dr. Ishihara, in cultivating three different strains. The spirochaeta is a facultative anaerobe. The solid and semisolid culture media possess one disadvantage, in that they are opaque on account of the addition of red blood corpuscles; but it is hoped that this drawback may soon be overcome by further studies. We shall report later the results of investigations regarding various questions in immunity as well as further details regarding the biological properties of the spirochaeta.
By the addition of substituted benzyl halides to hexamethylenetetramine, a series of quaternary salts of this base was obtained. These salts represent a new group of organic bactericides. The results obtained in the tests with these substances upon Bacillus typhosus have demonstrated the existence of direct relationships between chemical constitution and bactericidal action within the series. The bactericidal character is directly attributable to the presence of the hexamethylenetetramine nucleus. The degree of the bactericidal action, however, is determined by the position, character, and number of the groups substituted in the benzene nucleus. By the introduction of the methyl, chlorine, bromine, iodine, cyano, and nitro groups into the benzene nucleus of the parent benzyl hexamethylenetetraminium salt, the bactericidal power of this compound was notably enhanced. The substitution of these groups in the ortho position almost invariably resulted in substances which were more active than their meta or para isomers. The introduction of the methoxy group was without marked effect. Several substances in which two hexamethylenetetraminium side-chains occurred were found to be the most active of the substances of this series when tested against Bacillus typhosus. Comparative tests with other bacterial types demonstrated that these compounds possessed a marked degree of specificity for Bacillus typhosus.
The extension of the study of the quaternary salts of hexamethylenetetramine to those obtained by the addition of this base to the most varied types of substances containing aliphatically bound halogen has demonstrated that the introduction of the hexamethylenetetramine nucleus in this manner results in the production of bactericidal substances or enhances the bactericidal action if already present. In particular it was found possible by the use of the halogenacetyl group, XCH(2)CO, as a connecting link, to furnish primary and secondary aliphatic and aromatic amines, alcohols, and hydrocarbons of the most varied character with the hexamethylenetetramine molecule and to study the relation between chemical constitution and bactericidal action in the series of substances so prepared. Because of the variety of chemical types studied, the results are too involved for a detailed summary here. Many of the substances were found to be very powerful bactericides, and in a number of instances derivatives of purely aliphatic nature were found to possess an unusual bactericidal power. Bacillus typhosus, streptococcus, meningococcus, and gonococcus were the microorganisms used for the tests, and striking instances of partial specificity were observed. This specificity was found to favor not one species alone, but instances were found in which each of the types of bacilli was shown to be especially susceptible to one or another of the particular types of compound employed. The source of this partial specificity is to be sought not in the hexamethylenetetramine nucleus itself but in the molecule to which it is attached. The action of some of the substances was tested in the presence of serum or protein and was found to be not at all or only slightly inhibited. In other cases marked inhibition occurred. The factors controlling the serum- or protein-compatibility of these substances are likewise to be sought in that portion of the molecule other than the hexamethylenetetramine.
1. Living phagocytes are able to protect ingested organisms from the action of destructive substances in the surrounding fluid, and even from a strong homologous antiserum. 2. There is evidence that the protection by phagocytes is largely if not entirely conditioned on their being alive. 3. These facts should be taken into consideration in the study of diseases caused by infectious agents capable of living within tissue cells.
Digitalis was given by mouth to five normal young male adults in amounts ranging from 2.0 to 3.0 gm. of standardized leaves in the course of 7 to 10 days. The As-Vs interval was prolonged in four of the five subjects, the greatest prolongation occurring in the case of the subject who received the most digitalis and none at all in one who received only 2.0 gm. There was no prolongation to so great an interval as 0.2 second until 2.7 gm. had been taken. The effects of the digitalis on conduction time began 5 to 6 days after the drug had been started and after 1.5 to 1.8 gm. had been taken. The effects persisted for 1 to 2 weeks after the drug had been stopped. Atropine removed completely the effect of digitalis on A-V conduction. The slowing heart rate after exercise was accompanied by an enhancement of the defect in conduction. The change in conduction through digitalis was therefore almost entirely, if not entirely, due to increase of vagal tone and irritability. Digitalis did not affect to an appreciable extent the Q-end of S and the Q-end of T intervals. Exercise and atropine both shortened the ventricular complex Q-end of T while the subject was under digitalis. The amplitude of the T wave, especially in Lead II, was changed within 48 hours after digitalis had been started, a decrease then beginning which became greater as the drug was continued and which persisted until 10 to 19 days after the digitalis had been stopped. The change in the T deflection preceded by several days the change in conduction time. The T wave, therefore, in the normal subject as well as in the patient gives us the earliest indication of digitalis action. The amplitudes of P, Q, R, and S were not materially influenced by the amounts of digitalis given. The pulse rate in two subjects became lower than usual at night as the result of the digitalis; otherwise there was no evidence of vagal action on the sino-auricular node. Blood pressure was uninfluenced by the digitalis. Mild subjective sensations occurred in all the subjects during the administration of the drug. A curious, hitherto undescribed, digitalis arrhythmia consisting of blocked auricular premature beats occurred in one subject after 3.0 gm. of digitalis had been taken.
1. The hypodermic administration of tethelin increases markedly the rate of growth of the primary tumor and the tendency to form metastases in rats inoculated with carcinoma, in this, as in other respects, reproducing the action of the whole anterior lobe of the pituitary body. 2. Other alcohol-soluble extractives of the anterior lobe of the pituitary body, with the exception of the lecithin fraction, exert no appreciable effect upon the growth of carcinomata in rats. 3. The lecithin fraction, as in previously reported experiments in which we employed lecithin obtained from eggs, causes evident retardation of the growth of carcinomata in rats.
These experiments justify the following general conclusions. By the intravenous injection of M/4 magnesium sulphate into dogs at a certain rate, a stage can be reached where the abdominal walls are completely relaxed and when section of the abdomen and stimulation of sensitive parts of the parietal peritoneum do not produce pain or elicit any reaction of the animal. At the same time spontaneous respiration may still be maintained within normal limits and the lid reflex be fair or even normal. In this stage intratracheal intubation for artificial respiration can be easily accomplished. This stage may be attained in 12 to 14 minutes when the rate of injection is about 3 cc. per minute. When this stage is once attained the rate of injection should gradually be reduced, otherwise, sooner or later, spontaneous respiration will be abolished, and by a further maintenance of the rate of injection all the skeletal muscles may become paralyzed. When the injection of magnesium is continued for a longer period, the paralytic effects of the magnesium injection will set in, even when administered at a slow rate. The paralysis of the respiratory function is readily met by intrapharyngeal insufflation, which is easily executed even without training in this procedure, or by the method of intratracheal insufflation, if executed by one trained in its management. When the respiration of the animal is accomplished by insufflation, the paralytic effect of the magnesium may be abolished fairly rapidly by an intravenous injection of about 10 cc. of an M/8 calcium chloride solution; or it may disappear slowly, after the infusion of the magnesium solution is discontinued for some time. The latter mode of disappearance may be favorably accelerated by an intravenous infusion of 60 to 100 cc. of an M/4 solution of sodium sulphate. The production of anesthesia by intravenous injection of magnesium sulphate should not be undertaken unless an apparatus for intrapharyngeal insufflation is at hand, because in exceptional cases the disappearance of spontaneous respiration may be one of the earliest consequences of the magnesium injection. The injection of calcium chloride should not be employed in cases in which the subject shows cardiac insufficiency. In such instances, moreover, injections of magnesium should not be used for the purpose of anesthesia; at least not until greater experience has been acquired in the employment of this method.
The foregoing experiments establish firmly the following facts. Subcutaneous or intramuscular injections of sodium oxalate in subtoxic doses, when administered to an animal which received a subminimal dose of magnesium sulphate, produce profound anesthesia and paralysis of long duration, although the usual effects of sodium oxalate alone are of a stimulating character. This fact is, in general, in harmony with the results reported by Starkenstein who, however, seems to have used the combination of the two salts in one solution; namely, that of magnesium oxalate. The combined injections of subminimal doses of sodium oxalate and magnesium sulphate produce a strong reduction, or even, at times, a complete abolition of the conductivity of the motor nerve endings. An intravenous injection of calcium salts brings on a recovery from the profound and prolonged effects of the combined action of sodium oxalate and magnesium sulphate, which is as prompt as is observed in experiments in which effective doses of magnesium alone were given. This fact is the more noteworthy, since depressions of long duration produced by prolonged continuous injections of magnesium solutions alone do not respond very promptly and effectively to calcium injections. As will be recalled, the starting point for our investigation was the hypothesis that substances which are capable of precipitating calcium-a biological antagonist of magnesium-ought to be capable of increasing the depressive effect of magnesium. Our experiments proved that this assumption was correct. This would seem, therefore, to justify the interpretation that the augmenting action of sodium oxalate has its cause in the ability of the latter to precipitate calcium and thus increase within the body the amount of unantagonized magnesium. However, we wish to state expressly that this view is, for the present, still no more than a hypothesis and does not exclude other possible interpretations of our facts. As we pointed out it speaks against this hypothesis that oxalates do not produce phenomena of depression; the toxic symptoms produced by oxalates exhibit distinctly signs of increased and not of decreased irritability.
In as far as the observations reported have a bearing on the movements of fluid within the eye, they are, for the most part, in accord with views at present generally accepted. On the other hand, we know of no other way in which it may be so readily demonstrated that simple and even temporary local circulatory changes may profoundly alter the distribution of substances from the circulating blood to the extravascular fluids and tissues. In the light of these observations, it would seem that such changes might easily account for marked idiosyncrasies in the action of poisonous drugs, and as well probably for other factors in drug action.
The pressor substance of the hypophysis is so marked in the pig fetus measuring 175 mm. that it seems probable that a fetus of this length is independent of the secretion of the mother's hypophysis.
Claims of efficiency have been made at two widely separated periods for the chemical treatment of epidemic meningitis, in the first instance for lysol and in the second for protargol. The use of lysol was long since abandoned; the recommendation for protargol is based on a single series of cases, small in number. Because of the variable severity of epidemics of meningitis, small reliance can be placed on results of treatment limited in extent to small numbers of cases and to one locality. A more uniform and accurate measure of the value of a method of treatment is provided by animals infected experimentally with pathogenic cultures of meningococci. Young guinea pigs respond in a definite manner to intraperitoneal inoculation of virulent meningococci. Neither protargol nor lysol proved to have any curative action on the experimental infection thus produced in these animals. Monkeys respond in a characteristic manner to the inoculation of virulent cultures into the subarachnoid space. Protargol displayed no curative action on the experimental infection thus produced in these animals. On the contrary, both lysol and protargol exert antileukotactic and antiphagocytic effects, and are also potent protoplasmic poisons, and the leukocytes with which they come in contact are injured and made to degenerate. According to the extent to which these harmful properties are exerted, the chemicals promote the advance rather than restrain the progress of meningococcic infection. Recovery from meningococcic infection in man and animals is accomplished chiefly through the process of phagocytosis. The specific antiserum acts curatively by increasing the emigration of leukocytes, by promoting phagocytosis directly, and by agglutinating the meningococci, and also by neutralizing endotoxin. Any means which interfere with and reduce these essential processes retard or prevent recovery. Both lysol and protargol interfere with and diminish the emigration of leukocytes and the phagocytosis of meningococci, and neither possesses antitoxic power. The mixture of antiserum with lysol and with protargol reduces to a certain extent the antileukotactic and antiphagocytic effect of the chemicals; but this action is insufficient to set aside wholly the injurious effects which they produce. It follows, therefore, that whatever theoretical advantages might accrue from a bactericidal activity exerted by these chemicals independently of the type of meningococcus causing epidemic meningitis, is more than offset by the harmful effects which they cause. Hence specific antiserum seems to provide the logical therapeutic agent with which to combat epidemic meningitis, since it is itself innocuous and promotes those processes essential to recovery from the disease. The problem up to the present has been that of producing an antiserum which represents the several types of the meningococcus, and this problem is now in a fair way to being solved.
Since a knowledge of the susceptibility of any species of Anopheles to infection with malaria parasites is of great importance in determining its part in the transmission of malaria, the experiments reported here were undertaken, and included the three most prevalent species of this genus occurring in the United States. As a result of these experiments Anopheles punctipennis is shown to be an efficient host of the organisms of tertian and estivo-autumnal malaria, Anopheles crucians of estivo-autumnal malaria, at least, and information has been obtained upon the relative susceptibility of these two species and Anopheles quadrimaculatus. The latter species has been known to be an efficient host since Thayer's experiments in 1900, and has been considered to be the principal species concerned in the transmission of malaria in the United States. With Anopheles punctipennis, developmental forms of the exogenous or sporogenic cycle of Plasmodium vivax were demonstrated in six (85 per cent) of the seven mosquitoes dissected, and the development of Plasmodium falciparum, in four (20 per cent) of twenty specimens. These four infections, however, occurred in a series of thirteen specimens fed on one person, so that the percentage was actually 33. With Anopheles crucians, oocysts or sporozoites or both oocysts and sporozoites of Plasmodium falciparum were found in nine (75 per cent) of the twelve specimens dissected. No tests were made with this species and Plasmodium vivax. Anopheles quadrimaculatus was employed as a control species in the experiments and became infected in the following ratio: eight (66 per cent) of twelve specimens with Plasmodium vivax, and three (15 per cent) of nineteen specimens with Plasmodium falciparum. In determining the relative susceptibility of the three species only those individuals which had fed upon the same gamete carriers are considered. The number of mosquitoes from which the percentages are computed is too small to make the results entirely conclusive, but the indications are that Anopheles punctipennis and Anopheles quadrimaculatus are equally susceptible to infection with Plasmodium vivax, 85 per cent of each species under the same conditions being positive. With Plasmodium falciparum,Anopheles crucians showed the highest percentage of infection (75 per cent), Anopheles punctipennis second (33 per cent), and Anopheles quadrimaculatus third (23 per cent).
Intestinal obstruction, as a rule, is associated with an increasing amount of non-coagulable nitrogen in the blood. With acute intoxication the rise in non-coagulable nitrogen may be rapid and reach as high as three or even ten times normal. With more chronic intoxication there may be little or no rise in the blood non-coagulable nitrogen. Closed intestinal loops show exactly the same picture, and, when combined with obstruction, may give very high nitrogen readings. Acute proteose intoxication due to injection of a pure proteose will show a prompt rise in blood non-coagulable nitrogen, even an increase of 100 per cent within 3 or 4 hours. These intoxications also show a high blood content of creatinine and urea. The residual or undetermined nitrogen may be very high. A human case of intestinal obstruction with autopsy presents blood findings exactly similar to those observed in many animal experiments. Clinically the non-coagulable nitrogen of the blood may give information of value in intestinal obstruction. A high reading means a grave intoxication, but a low reading may be observed in some fatal cases and gives no assurance that a fatal intoxication may not supervene. The kidneys in practically all these experiments are normal in all respects. It is possible that protein or tissue destruction rather than impaired eliminative function is responsible for the rise in non-coagulable nitrogen of the blood in these acute intoxications. Transfusions of dextrose solutions often benefit intestinal obstruction, and may depress the level of the non-coagulable nitrogen in the blood. Some cases show no change in non-coagulable nitrogen following transfusions and diuresis, and, as a rule, such cases present the most severe intoxication.
1. In experimental wounds, made by removing various sized pieces of skin from the frog, there is a rapid coagulation of the blood plasma and lymph to form a coagulation tissue which fills the wound cavity. 2. The observations on the living animals show that the coagulation a grave intoxication, but a low reading may be observed in some fatal cases and gives no assurance that a fatal intoxication may not supervene. The kidneys in practically all these experiments are normal in all respects. It is possible that protein or tissue destruction rather than impaired eliminative function is responsible for the rise in non-coagulable nitrogen of the blood in these acute intoxications. Transfusions of dextrose solutions often benefit intestinal obstruction, and may depress the level of the non-coagulable nitrogen in the blood. Some cases show no change in non-coagulable nitrogen following transfusions and diuresis, and, as a rule, such cases present the most severe intoxication.
In the preceding pages we have submitted evidence which shows that a simple intratracheal injection of a solution in a normally breathing rabbit penetrates within a few seconds to the alveoli, chiefly those of the left lower lobe; that absorption is rapid and well maintained; and that the procedure may be repeated effectively a number of times even with a substance like adrenalin which decreases absorption. It was also shown that absorption of adrenalin from the lung could be obtained at a time when double the dose given intramuscularly exerted no blood pressure effect whatever, and that absorption could still take place after the development of pulmonary edema, when there was an undoubted dilution of the injected solution with a serum-containing liquid and when a diminution of the absorptive field had occurred. The solution injected, after reaching the alveoli, is probably largely taken up by the capillaries of the pulmonary veins. This is indicated by the great rapidity with which an intratracheal injection of adrenalin may cause a rise of blood pressure. In numerous instances, for example, the pressure began to rise less than 5 seconds after the completion of an injection, equaling and even surpassing in rapidity of effect an intramuscular injection. Absorption by the lymphatics probably plays a secondary part, an assumption rendered all themore likely if we consider that lymph nodes are interpolated in the lymphatic pulmonary path, where the bed of the lymph stream becomes greatly widened and the current slowed. Injection into the lungs, however, offers another advantage due to the vascular arrangement of the absorbing field which could be of value therapeutically. Absorption of liquids injected into the lung probably takes place largely through the capillaries of the pulmonary veins; to a slight extent possibly through the capillaries of the bronchial veins which empty partly into the pulmonary veins, partly into the azygos veins; and probably some absorption occurs also through the lymphatics. By far the larger proportion of the absorbed material will thus be rapidly delivered to the left auricle and then to the left ventricle. At each succeeding systole, as long as absorption continues, a fraction of the drug will be driven into the coronary arteries and be able to affect the musculature of the cardiac pump. This fact ought to render the procedure of intratracheal injection a valuable method when it becomes imperative to stimulate a suddenly failing heart as promptly as possible by drugs of the digitalis group. Intratracheal injection is perhaps better under the conditions mentioned than the intravenous route, for the surface veins cannot always be entered with promptness and certainty even under fairly normal conditions, and in cases of cardiac weakness the difficulties will be measurably increased, while an intratracheal injection can be carried out with ease. Moreover, it is legitimate to expect that some absorption will take place from the lung alveoli as long as the heart-lung circulation persists, no matter how feebly, and that thus some of the drug will reach the heart to act on this structure itself more promptly perhaps than when the drug is administered successfully through surface veins. As far as the intramuscular route is concerned, we have shown that the intratracheal injection of adrenalin gives prompt though diminished absorption at a time when double the dose intramuscularly exerts no blood pressure effect whatever. The technical difficulties of giving an intratracheal injection in animals are slight. Tracheotomy as practised by us in the present series of experiments is not necessary, for the injection may be given into the intact trachea without exposure of the trachea. The hypodermic needle is inserted through the skin about 1 cm. below the larynx in a slanting caudad direction; the entrance of the needle into the trachea is readily felt. The injection should not be so rapid that the injected solution fills the entire tracheal lumen, but it should flow down the sides of the trachea. If the lumen is entirely filled, an expiration may drive some of the injected liquid into the larynx causing cough. In our experiments each injection of about 0.5 cc. consumed approximately 5 seconds. In the human subject no data are available as far as our knowledge goes, but a priori it would seem that an intratracheal injection is almost as simple as in the lower animals. The free hypodermic needle could be inserted into the tracheal lumen immediately below the cricoid cartilage. The needle itself should preferably be connected with the syringe by a short length of rubber tubing to minimize the danger of breaking the needle by a sudden move of the patient. The amount of the solution should not be too small, so that at least a fraction of it may reach the alveoli as promptly as possible; 3 to 5 cc. probably would suffice. Insertion of the needle in the locality mentioned would puncture the isthmus of the thyroid, but this is of no significance, especially when the procedure is employed in cases of cardiac failure where the gravity of the condition would warrant incurring much heavier risks than a slight bleeding from the thyroidal isthmus. In conclusion it may be said that the incorporation of drugs by intratracheal injection, while not as generally applicable as other methods, nevertheless has advantages which warrant its use also in human therapeutics.
The repeated intravenous injection of rabbits with living Bacillus coli communior over long periods has resulted in the formation of amyloid deposits in the spleen, liver, and kidneys. Suppurative lesions were not present in most cases and therefore not a factor in its production. The results have been constant in that amyloid was found in all rabbits, eight in number, which were injected over a period of 88 days or more. Eight rabbits showed amyloid in the spleen, six of these in the kidneys also, and three in the liver. The kidneys of these eight rabbits also showed as a result of the injections a subacute and chronic glomerulitis, parenchymatous degeneration, some interstitial infiltration with round cells, and a slight cellular proliferation of connective tissue, thus resembling the chronic parenchymatous nephritis of man which is so commonly associated with amyloid disease.
It must be assumed that some cause is operative in certain cases preventing the healing of defects in the gastric mucosa and is inoperative in others. Even though anhemolytic streptococci are present in practically all gastric ulcers, we cannot convince ourselves that these organisms have been proven as yet to be the factor which either initiates the ulceration or prevents healing. Nevertheless, the constant presence of streptococci in this type of lesion is a suggestive fact and further experiments to determine their significance are being undertaken.
In a stock culture of the hog-cholera bacillus, which was passed through a series of rabbits 14 years ago, an organism was found that differs from the original culture in that it fails to form gas from the carbohydrates that are usually attacked by this organism, while acid formation persists. This new strain is agglutinated by an anti-hog-cholera bacillus serum and produces in rabbits and mice a disease similar to that caused by the typical cultures. The failure to form gas has persisted over a period of 18 months and all attempts to cause the strain to revert to the original condition have failed. It resembles in many respects Bacillus typhosus and it may be that some of the so called typhoid cultures that are not agglutinated by antityphoid serum are non-gas-producing paratyphoids. Attempts to produce a similar change in a more recently isolated culture of the hog-cholera bacillus by means of animal passages and changes in the environment have been negative.
1. Respiratory infection of rabbits with Bacillus bovisepticus (snuffles) is favored by chilling the animals after they have been accustomed to heat. 2. The character of this disease, which occurs frequently in rabbits under natural conditions, makes the application of the experimental results to similar respiratory conditions in man less open to objection than in similar experiments with other infections. 3. The weight of experimental evidence, including our own, does not justify the elimination of exposure to cold as a possible though secondary factor in the incidence of acute respiratory disease. 4. From the limited data of our last two experiments it is suggested that any marked change of temperature predisposes rabbits to this infection, the severity of which varies with the amount of change, and that a change from low to high temperature has an even more marked effect than that from high to low.
Red corpuscles with nuclei contain heterogeneous sheep antigen when the organs of the same animal possess it. The sera in question contain not only heterogeneous hemolysins but also heterogeneous agglutinins. The hemolytic sera of rabbits immunized with hen red corpuscles are toxic to guinea pigs and kill them, the clinical picture being that of anaphylactic shock. Heterogeneous hemolysins are obtained by means of non-toxic antigen (hen red corpuscles injected into veins of rabbits). This fact refutes the theory of Friedberger, who attributed the antigenic power of a suspension of organs to its toxic character.
The intravenous injection of horse serum, kept for 2 hours at 38 degrees C. in the presence of one-fifth of its volume of a suspension of 0.5 per cent agar in physiological salt solution and then separated from the agar by centrifugalization and filtration, produces in normal rabbits in adequate doses a considerable and prolonged fall in the blood pressure, expulsion of feces, a diminished coagulability in the carotid blood, and at times accelerated respiration; that is, the various symptoms observed after the intravenous injection of horse serum in a seroanaphylactized rabbit. Horse serum previously kept for 30 minutes at 56 degrees C. and then treated with agar in the manner described above, when injected intravenously into a normal rabbit will have no more effect on the arterial pressure, on the intestinal movement, on the respiratory rate, or the coagulation of arterial blood than the introduction of horse serum into the veins of a normal rabbit.
1. A partially occluded artery may dilate distal to the site of constriction. 2. The dilation is circumscribed. 3. When the constriction has been either slight in amount or complete, dilation has not been observed. 4. The dilation was greatest when the lumen of the artery (the aorta) was reduced to one-third or perhaps one-fourth of its original size (Figs. 8 and 11). 5. Dilation or aneurysm of the subclavian artery has been observed twenty-seven or more times in cases of cervical rib. 6. The dilation of the subclavian is circumscribed, is distal to the point of constriction, and strikingly resembles the dilation which we have produced experimentally. 7. The genesis of the experimental dilation and of the subclavian dilation occurring with cervical rib is probably the same. 8. When the lumen of the aorta is considerably constricted the systolic pressure may be permanently so lowered and the diastolic pressure so increased that the pulse pressure is greatly diminished. 9. The experimentally produced dilations and the aneurysms of the subclavian artery in cases of cervical rib are probably not due to vasomotor paralysis, trauma, or sudden variations in blood pressure. 10. The abnormal, whirlpool-like play of the blood in the relatively dead pocket just below the site of the constriction, and the lowered pulse pressure may be the chief factors concerned in the production of the dilations. 11. Intimal surfaces brought, however gently, in contact by bands or ligatures do not, in our experience, unite by first intention, for the force necessary to occlude the artery is sufficient to cause necrosis of the arterial wall. 12. Bands, rolled ever so tightly, do not rupture the intima. 13. The death of the arterial wall having been brought about by the pressure of the band, a gradual substitution of the necrotic tissue takes place, the new vessels penetrating it from both ends. It is, I believe, in this manner that an artery becomes occluded, and it is thus that a fibrous cord forms within the constricting band.
1. The correct interpretation of the form described by Stephens under the name of Plasmodium tenue is as follows: It is not a new species of parasite or an ameboid form, but a parasite attached to the external surface of red corpuscles and distorted by technique. 2. Evidence against a new species of parasite is: (a) they may be found in all known malarial infections and at any stage in the development of the parasite; and (b) they show evidence of distortion. 3. Evidence against ameboid forms and in favor of parasites distorted by technique is: (a) they may be found in but one of the two cover-slips prepared simultaneously; (b) they may be found in certain definite groups in various parts of a film which otherwise contains normal appearing parasites; (c) in rich infections, containing many disforted forms, they may be found in certain parts of a film, all distorted in one direction, the infected corpuscles and those adjacent to them showing no evidence of injury; and (d) two or more parasites attached to one red corpuscle may be seen to be distorted in one direction, or to have nuclei similarly distorted. 4. Three general types of distorted parasites may be recognized: (a) parasites with nuclei distorted and cytoplasm unaltered or but slightly distorted; (b) parasites with cytoplasm distorted and nuclei intact or but little disturbed; and (c) parasites with both nuclei and cytoplasm slightly or markedly distorted. 5. Red corpuscles to which distorted parasites are attached usually appear to be flattened out with slightly irregular outline, but parasites may be more or less distorted without any apparent change in the infected corpuscle. 6. Parasites with well stained chromatin and faded cytoplasm, or parasites with well stained cytoplasm and faded chromatin, may be found in specimens containing well stained parasites. It is usually possible to restain these specimens bringing out the faded cytoplasm belonging to the well stained chromatin or the lost chromatin belonging to the well stained cytoplasm.
Cultures of Streptococcus viridans when brought into contact with red blood corpuscles have the power of transforming oxyhemoglobin into methemoglobin. The reaction occurs only in the presence of living streptococci when they are able to carry on their metabolic activities. The intensity of the reaction runs roughly parallel with the period of growth and multiplication of the bacteria and gradually diminishes and disappears as growth ceases. There is no apparent relation between the activity of a given strain of Streptococcus viridans in producing methemoglobin and its source or virulence. If the streptococci are suspended in salt solution they are unable to change oxyhemoglobin into methemoglobin unless some nutrient substance is present. Of the various nutrient substances tested dextrose is the most efficient in enabling the organisms to bring about the reaction. The reaction does not occur in the absence of oxygen, and is retarded by an excess of oxygen. Substances which tend to reduce the metabolic activities of the bacteria to a minimum exert an inhibitory action on methemoglobin formation. While not definitely proving it to be so, the results obtained in the above experiments strongly support the supposition that the reaction is not due to injurious substances produced by the bacteria or to products arising from the decomposition of the nutrient material present, but rather to the metabolic activities of the bacteria themselves when they are surrounded by environmental conditions which render growth and multiplication possible. The exact chemical nature of the change of oxyhemoglobin to methemoglobin is not known, but it is probably an oxidation process or a combination of reduction and oxidation processes, as pointed out by Heubner. As Cole has shown, the action of aminophenol is of great interest in this connection, in that it acts like a catalytic agent in being able to transform much more hemoglobin into methemoglobin than would be possible if the reaction were a simple molecular one. The metabolic activities of bacteria are largely in the nature of oxidation and reduction processes. The transformation of oxyhemoglobin into methemoglobin by streptococci of the viridans type, therefore, may be analogous to the action of such substances as aminophenol, and the reaction may be due to the active oxidation and reduction processes occurring in the neighborhood of the bacterial cells. The failure of the reaction to occur in the absence of oxygen and its retardation in the presence of an excess of oxygen, both with streptococci and with pneumococci (Cole) would seem to support this theory. Such results, however, may be due to the abnormal conditions surrounding the bacteria with consequent inhibition of their metabolic activities. Cole concluded as the result of his study of methemoglobin formation by pneumococci that since bacteria may injure red blood cells apparently by disturbances in oxidation in the immediate neighborhood of the organisms rather than by the production of a definite toxin, it is possible that bacteria may injure other tissue cells in a like manner and that the pathological effects produced by these bacteria may be explained on this basis. The experimental results recorded above have shown that the formation of methemoglobin by Streptococcus viridans in no way differs from its formation by pneumococci, and they lend support to the theory that bacteria may be injurious to tissues because of the disturbances in oxidation brought about by the metabolic activities of the organisms, especially those associated with growth and multiplication. It is believed that this theory may be particularly applicable to the pathological effects caused by Streptococcus vindans because the lesions produced by it, whether single or multiple, both in man and in experimental animals, are prone to be localized and associated with the actual presence of the streptococci in the lesions.
Acute gastric ulcers are found in a large percentage of animals dying from acute adrenal insufficiency. In dogs in which a portion of the jejunum had been transplanted some time previous to the removal of the adrenals, the gastric mucosa showed more marked changes than the transplanted jejunal mucosa. This tends to show that the gastric juice as the cause of the ulcer is but a secondary although necessary factor.
The results observed with this strain of Treponema pallidum may be stated as follows: 1. Normal human serum did not agglutinate this culture of Treponema pallidum in dilutions of 1:5 or higher; equal parts of treponema culture and normal serum (dilution 1:2) resulted in agglutination in about 50 per cent of the sera. With the strain of Treponema pallidum used in this study specific agglutination was not considered as having occurred unless observed in dilutions of 1:5 or higher. 2. The agglutinating power of the sera of non-syphilitic persons suffering with various infections was not higher than that of normal sera. 3. Traces of specific agglutinin for this culture of Treponema pallidum were found in the sera of persons late in the primary stage of syphilis. 4. In the secondary stage of syphilis about 58 per cent of sera showed the presence of a demonstrable amount of agglutinin in dilutions of 1:5 and higher; in no instance, however, was agglutination in evidence in dilutions higher than 1:20. 5. In tertiary and latent syphilis, mostly infections of the central nervous system, agglutination in dilutions of 1:5 and higher was found with about 84 per cent of sera. The highest concentration of pallida agglutinin in the blood serum was found in the later stages of syphilis. 6. The formation of agglutinin for culture Treponema pallidum in human syphilis is probably tardy and does not reach a state of high concentration. 7. There was no direct relation between the presence of the Wassermann antibody and agglutinin for this strain in the sera of syphilitics. The former appears in the body fluids earlier and is probably in higher concentration in all stages of syphilis; while agglutination is most likely to occur with Wassermann positive sera, it may be occasionally observed with sera yielding negative Wassermann reactions. Likewise strongly Wassermann positive sera may not contain demonstrable amounts of agglutinin. 8. It is probable that different strains of pallida vary in susceptibility to agglutination. For example, in the first investigation on agglutinins for Treponema pallidum by Kolmer, the sera of syphilitics in different stages of the disease did not cause agglutination of one of Noguchi's strains in dilutions of 1:20 and higher, whereas the strain used in the present study was frequently agglutinated in this dilution by sera from a similar group of patients. As shown by Zinsser, Hopkins, and McBurney, virulent pallida from human lesions resist agglutination to a remarkable degree. 9. While further studies are necessary to establish the practical value of agglutination in the diagnosis of human syphilis, we believe that with a suitable culture or cultures well marked agglutination of Treponema pallidum in dilutions of 1:5, or better 1:10 and higher, indicates pallida infection and may prove of value in the diagnosis of isolated cases, particularly in the later stages. Investigations bearing upon the relation of agglutinins for culture pallida to immunity in syphilis will be given in a separate communication (16).
It seems evident from the foregoing experiments that the so called tumors (adenomata) of the thyroid possess the property of taking up iodine and metabolizing it into the active combination in the same way that the non-tumorous thyroid tissue does, although not so readily nor to the same degree, and the action on tadpoles of feeding desiccated tumorous thyroid tissue does not differ qualitatively from feeding desiccated non-tumorous thyroid tissue. The action in either case depends upon the iodine (active iodine) content, and in the case of the adenomata bears no constant relation to the state of their growth or differentiation. Examination of Tables II and III shows that in the main this is true. There are, however, certain discrepancies as to time of death, appearance of first forelegs, degree of emaciation, and rate of growth in certain dishes of the series, the action being not quite parallel to the iodine content. Some of these discrepancies may be explained in part by accidents of feeding, slight differences in size, age) and susceptibility of the different tadpoles receiving the same thyroid, and also by the variations in the amount of thyroid consumed by the different individuals in the same dish. Lenhart has shown that the action of the same thyroid varies with the quantity fed. Another important factor which has to be considered is the condition of the iodine itself. It was suspected at the time of these experiments that the iodine might be present in an active and an inactive form, but no satisfactory proof of this assumption, at the beginning of these experiments, was at hand. Support of this point has been afforded by the work of Kendall on the isolation of the active principle of thyroid and the separation of the iodine into two fractions. Since the completion of our experiments Marine has demonstrated by means of perfusion experiments in vivo and in vitro that iodine is rapidly taken up by the thyroid cells, and though the iodine increase in the perfused lobe may be 1,000 per cent in 2 hours as compared with the control lobe, yet the action on tadpoles is no greater. It then becomes an important question to determine the time required by the thyroid to take up inorganic iodine and manufacture it into the active thyroid principle. It is known that iodine is rapidly taken up by the thyroid, and in man the iodine content of the thyroid is subject to greater variations than in animals on account of the prevalent therapeutic use of iodine and the iodides in goiter and other conditions; even the iodine used in preparing patients for operations would increase the iodine content of the thyroid in a short time, so that one might expect such variations in the action of a given thyroid preparation fed to tadpoles as appear in these experiments. In this connection it is interesting to note (Table II) that Thyroid 20 with 4.31 mg. of iodine was only slightly more active than No. 5 with 1.31 mg. of iodine. Two possibilities have to be considered here. First, No. 20 may have active iodine slightly greater than 1.31 mg. and the balance present as inactive iodine. Second, No. 5 with 1.31 mg. of iodine might represent the maximum possible effect under the conditions of the experiment and a larger quantity of active thyroid iodine could produce no greater effect. Of course with the lower iodine contents the variations in effects might well come within the limits of errors of observation. Also the percentage error would be greater in the iodine determinations, accidents of feeding, etc. Our conclusions as to the effect of feeding desiccated thyroid to tadpoles agree in general with those of Lenhart. The action of the thyroid depends not upon a specific stimulus to differentiation but upon a stimulation of metabolism in general in proportion to the active iodine and the quantity consumed. High iodine contents produce rapid emaciation, at the same time resulting in differentiation even in tadpoles dying in 8 to 12 days. Low iodine contents result in differentiation at an earlier period than the controls. Tadpoles fed on thyroid with practically no iodine grow better than the controls, in this instance the thyroid acting simply as a food. Finally, the interest that the results of these experiments may have in connection with the question of function in tumor tissue should be pointed out. To those who hold that tumor lacks the capacity for physiological function, the adenomata of the thyroid could not be consistently regarded as tumors. To those who hold physiological function as a possible property of tumor tissue, the adenomata might be regarded as tumors. Future studies might warrant a recognition of different grades or degrees of tumor. On this basis the fetal adenoma (very little differentiation) might represent a higher degree of tumor than the diffuse colloid or simple adenomatous thyroid in which the adenomatous nodules are present to a great extent throughout the whole gland and are well differentiated. It is certain that there are all grades and degrees of growth and differentiation in the life history of fetal adenomata of the thyroid, from the pure fetal, undifferentiated adenoma with little or no iodine to the simple or colloid adenoma, well differentiated and with varying amounts of iodine approaching that of normal thyroid.
The picture is one of a true diabetes mellitus, first attracting attention after miscarriage. Although the G : N ratio sank from 3 : 1 on 10 gm. of nitrogen to 1.7 : 1 after 3 days' fasting, the disease progressed steadily in spite of a long continued carbohydrate-free diet. Together with the usual complications of diabetes, a malignant tumor of the thymus developed, so that after 5 months' observations a slow death was forestalled by chloroform. The most striking feature at autopsy was the large, apparently normal pancreas, which exhibited histologically marked changes in the islands of Langerhans, extreme hydropic degeneration and exhaustion of granules, involving both alpha and beta cells, but especially the latter, and replacement of some islands by fibrous tissue.
1. Unmodified human plasma is not a satisfactory culture medium for human tissues owing to the susceptibility of human fibrin to digestion by tissue ferments. The necessary framework is thus destroyed before the cells begin to migrate. The difficulty can be overcome by adding to human plasma or serum a small quantity of fowl or pigeon plasma, the fibrin of which is highly resistant to digestion. Human tissues have been propagated in this medium for several months through subcultures, and growth in vitro can probably be maintained indefinitely. 2. Human tissues show no greater sensitiveness to changes in temperature and mechanical injury associated with preparation of cultures than those of lower animals. They may be preserved in an ordinary ice box at 10-15 degrees C. as long as 6 or 8 days. Tissues obtained at operation give best results, but pieces of organs removed at autopsy 1 to 4 hours after death sometimes show active growth. 3. The presence of normally existing iso-antibodies (agglutinins and hemolysins) in human serum is without influence on the growth of human tissues in vitro. In other words, autogenous serum has no advantage in tissue cultures over homologous serum.
1. Addition of salvarsan to serum in vitro produces a spirocheticidal mixture which is increased in potency by heating. 2. The heated serum of salvarsan-treated patients is more spirocheticidal if it has been in contact with the clot over night than if it has been separated immediately after coagulation. This is not true with the serum from blood which has been salvarsanized in vitro. 3. The addition of salvarsan directly to serum produces a more potent mixture than results from the serum from blood to which salvarsan has been added in equivalent amounts. 4. The increase in activity of salvarsanized serum produced by heating to 56 degrees C. is due in part to the removal of inhibitory substances in the serum and in part to a direct increase in spirocheticidal power in the heated salvarsan. 5. Both salvarsanized and neosalvarsanized serum are rendered more spirocheticidal by heating. 6. A more active spirocheticidal mixture is produced by mixing small amounts of salvarsan with the serum of a salvarsan-treated patient than by mixing the same amount with normal serum.
1. Cultures of Diplococcus pneumoniae, Bacillus coli, Bacillus fluorescens liquefaciens and Bacillus prodigiosus, when grown in meat infusion broth exhibit an initial latent period when the culture used for inoculation is no longer growing at its maximum rate; if, however, the culture is growing at its most rapid rate the bacteria, upon subculture, show no latent period but continue to multiply at the same rate as that of the parent culture. 2. If broth cultures of pneumococcus are centrifuged at the beginning of the period of maximum rate of growth, the bacteria remaining in the supernatant fluid continue to grow at a rapid rate upon further incubation; if, however, the culture is centrifuged at the end of the period of maximum rate of growth, those bacteria which remain in the supernatant fluid show a prolonged latent period, during which many of the organisms die. While the death of these bacteria is taking place the process follows closely the law of unimolecular reactions. 3. Actively growing pneumococci inoculated into the supernatant fluid from a 4 day culture of the same strain continue to grow rapidly for an appreciable time after inoculation. 4. Filtrates from 24 hour cultures of pneumococcus inhibit the further growth of actively growing pneumococci when the latter are inoculated into such filtrates. This inhibitory action of the filtrates is lost in part as the culture from which the filtrate is obtained is allowed to incubate longer. 5. Actively growing pneumococci, after exposure at low temperatures to the action of the filtrate of a 24 hour broth culture of the same strain, show a greater lag than the controls. 6. The foregoing facts offer strong support for the view that lag is an expression of injury which the bacterial cell has sustained from its previous environment.
It is possible to reduce the resistance of guinea pigs to tuberculosis by x-ray exposures, so that when animal inoculation is required for a diagnosis a much quicker result may be had than by the use of normal animals. In renal tuberculosis when it is necessary to resort to the use of animals, it ordinarily requires from 5 to 7 weeks, while by the use of x-rayed guinea pigs the diagnosis can be made in from 8 to 10 days. The resistance can be sufficiently lowered by one massive dose of x-ray administered either shortly before or after the inoculation of the material to be tested. The lesions are so marked in these animals that the diagnosis is certain after the interval indicated above.
1. A method for measuring the area of a wound not geometric in form is described. 2. The rate of cicatrization of a wound is greater at the beginning than at the end of the period of repair. It depends on the area rather than on the age of the wound. There is a constant relation between the size of a wound and the rate of cicatrization. The larger the wound the greater is the rate of cicatrization. Two wounds of different size have a tendency to become equal. 3. The rate is proportional to the area, but diminishes less rapidly than the area. 4. The process of contraction is the more important factor in the repair of a wound. Epidermization completes the work of contraction. After the wound is healed, the cicatrix as a rule expands. 5. The curve representing the diminution of the size of an aseptic wound while it cicatrizes is regular and geometric.
The cicatrization of sterile wounds may be studied in the same way as an ordinary physicochemical phenomenon. It is possible, therefore, to express the law of cicatrization by a mathematical equation as soon as an accurate measure of the wound can be obtained. By means of the equation, a curve is obtained which represents the theoretical evolution of the cicatrization of a wound. This curve, being an expression of what should happen on a normal wound, healing aseptically, on a normal man, is a daily point of comparison to what appears actually on the observed wound, and allows one to study accurately the fluctuations of cicatrization on a given individual, and the action of different dressings and antiseptic substances.
The first article of this series showed that it was possible to express mathematically the phenomenon of cicatrization. The principal point consisted in determining by means of an equation, a constant, or index, characterizing each wound. The calculation had to be made for each patient for each wound, and required two observations, 4 days apart. The index having proved to be a continuous function of the size of the wound and of the age of the patient, of the form See PDF for Equation where S is the area, i the index, a a decimal exponent, and K a constant, it was then possible to draw a chart by means of which this index i could be obtained without calculation. The advantage of the new way of determining the index is, above all, that this index is a general, average, normal index, and no longer an individual index. Hence, the differences between the observed rate of cicatrization of man and the normal rate may give some indication of the general state of the patient. Another advantage is that the determination of the index is no longer controlled by the temporary accidents which may happen between the two observations of S and S'.
We have already described briefly the portals of entry and of excretion of the pathogenic spirochetes. We may mention here that we have twice prevented epidemics by disinfection of the ground and the removal of the inundated water in certain places in coal mines. In one mine 19 out of 50 workmen, and in another 9 out of 30 workmen came down with Weil's disease in about 2 weeks. We have already pointed out that the period during which the pathogenic spirochetes are excreted in the urine continues, as a rule, for 40 days, and that we must, therefore, apply disinfection for at least 40 days after the first appearance of the disease. Lately we have found that in 21 cases out of 24 the spirochetes were excreted in the urine for 40 days, in one case until the 42nd day, in one case until the 45th day, and in still another case until the 63rd day. Another important fact concerning the prophylaxis which has been brought out is that both house and ditch rats (brown) carry virulent Spirochaeta icterohamorrhagae, the causal spirochete of Weil's disease, in their kidneys. Miyajima has reported that field rats have the pathogenic organisms in their kidneys; he will report these findings in detail later. The spirochetes which he described are less virulent than ours. On his advice we have carefully examined house and ditch rats in the city and rats in the coal mines of Kyushu, where Weil's disease prevails, and found that 39.5 per cent carried highly virulent pathogenic spirochetes in their kidneys, thus confirming Miyajima's experiments. The kidneys were examined microscopically under the dark-field microscope, and in the cases in which we did not find the pathogenic spirochete, we made inoculations into guinea pigs. Thus we found Spirochaeta icterohaemorrhagiae microscopically in the kidneys or in the urine in 32.4 per cent, and by means of inoculation in 7 per cent, making a total of 39.5 per cent carrying the pathogenic organisms, out of a total number of 86 rats examined. In some instances, rats were made to bite guinea pigs and in two instances caused Weil's disease. Among fifty-five patients in our clinic, twelve were cooks; and in Europe many cases arise among butchers-indicating the relation of the disease to rats. Moreover, during the present year we observed two patients who acquired Weil's disease, one in 1 week, the other 8 to 9 days after they had been bitten by rats. These facts point to a relation between Weil's disease and rats. The infection is transmitted probably from rats to man by means of the urine of the rats, directly or indirectly. On the injection of 0.1 gm. of rat urine which contains Spirochaeta icterohaemorrhagiae into the peritoneal cavity of guinea pigs, the infection arises, while the injection of the liver or the blood of the rats into guinea pigs does not produce the typical disease. The finding that the kidneys of rats contain the pathogenic organisms of the disease is important from the point of view of prophylaxis. The large number of rats in the trenches of the European battle-fields suggests the possibility that many cases of Weil's disease may arise. We shall report on this point in more detail later.
